















































Terms and Conditions
























































































Toggle navigation


























 


Search




Submit







    US - English



 








×
















Solutions by Country:










United States - English










United Kingdom - English










Brazil - Português










Japan - Japanese














Global Solutions:










简体中文










Deutsch










English










Español










Français























    Product Sign In

 





                    Select a product to sign in
                    


×















    Products available for online sign in are listed below. Select one to access its respective product portal.













Accurint®
Accurint® for Collections
Accurint® for Government
Accurint® for Healthcare
Accurint® for Insurance
Accurint® for Law Enforcement
Accurint® for Legal Professionals
Accurint® for Private Investigations
AML Insight™
Bankers Almanac
Bankers Almanac Due Diligence
Bankers Almanac Global Payments Resource










Bankers Almanac IBAN Complete
Bankers Almanac UK Sort Codes and Sorting Codes Online
Bankers Almanac Validate
Bridger Insight® XG
Collections Solutions Portal
Command Center
Emailage® Portal
Firco Compliance Link
Instant Authenticate
Instant Verify
InstantID®










InstantID® Q&A
Insurance Solutions
Mortgage Industry Data Exchange (MIDEX®)
Online Compliance
ProspectBase®
Real Estate Solutions
Risk Management Solutions®
ThreatMetrix®
TrueID®
TraX™
WorldCompliance™ Online Search Tool


















 
Choose Your Industry






toggle menu














Select an Industry


Select an Industry




Corporations






Financial Services






Government






Healthcare






Insurance






Law Enforcement and Public Safety






Collections and Recovery














View Corporations Home














Financial Crime Compliance










Fraud and Identity Solutions










Collections and Recovery










Credit Risk










Customer Acquisition Solutions










Payments Efficiency










Investigations and Due Diligence










 Small and Mid-Sized Business Risk










Data Quality and Management










Risk Orchestration


















View Financial Services Home














Financial Crime Compliance










Fraud and Identity Management










Collections and Recovery










Credit Risk Assessment










Customer Acquisition Solutions










Payments Efficiency










Investigations and Due Diligence










Small and Mid-Sized Business Risk










Data Quality and Management










Risk Orchestration


















View Government Home








Solutions for Government








Business Risk Assessment










Data Quality Management










Fraud Detection & Prevention










Identity Assessment & Assurance










Payment Processing Solutions








Markets We Serve








Medicaid Program Management










Public CIO and IT Programs










Public Health Agencies










Retirement Systems










Social Services Programs










Unemployment Insurance Programs










Vital Records Offices


















View Healthcare Home








Markets We Serve








Life Sciences










Pharmacy










Payer










Provider








Capabilities & Solutions








Healthcare Market Data & Insights










Provider Data Management










Identity Verification for Healthcare










Real-World Data & Insights










Population Health Data & Insights










Whole Person Data & Insights


















View Insurance Home








Markets We Serve








Auto Insurance










Law Enforcement & Safety Leaders










Commercial Insurance










Life Insurance










Home Insurance










Solutions for Automakers








Capabilities & Solutions








Acquisition & Retention










Fraud Detection










Claims










Identity Access Management










Compliance










Quoting & Underwriting










Data Analytics & Modeling










Telematics










Data Prefill


















View Law Enforcement and Public Safety Home














Law Enforcement Success Stories and Testimonials










Transforming Law Enforcement Together








Solutions For Law Enforcement








Crime Analytics and Mapping










Automated Crash and Incident Reporting










Public Safety Marketplace








Investigative Services








Criminal Investigative Services










Device Geolocation Training










Hardware as a Service Geolocation
























View Collections and Recovery Home














Skip Tracing










Collections Compliance










Collections Contact Strategies










Debt Recovery Assessment




















Industries












Corporations


Identity verification and authentication, credit risk assessment, fraud prevention, investigations, due diligence solutions to increase revenue and efficiencies.


Learn More










Financial Services


Fraud prevention, identity verification, due diligence, compliance, PEP and watchlist screening, credit risk assessment, know your customer, big data solutions.


Learn More










Government


Draw clear, actionable insights to achieve your agency’s mission by leveraging LexisNexis® data, identity intelligence and linking technology.


Learn More










Healthcare


When the right data meets the right technologies, healthcare organizations can transform complexity into opportunity and deliver better health for all.


Learn More










Insurance


Insurance risk solutions that strengthen customer relationships, gain operational efficiencies & future-proof your organization using data & advanced analytics.


Learn More










Law Enforcement and Public Safety


Predict, analyze and effectively respond to crime using actionable intelligence derived from law enforcement data analytics and technology.


Learn More










Collections and Recovery


Insight and tools that lead debt collectors to the right parties, efficiently and compliantly. Streamline skip tracing efforts and boost profitability.


Learn More
















Products
Insights and Resources
 

            About Us
        






toggle menu
















About Us





 






Business Overview



            Learn more about us and what we do.
        




Learn More
About Us








 






Executive Leadership



            View biographical information about our leadership team.
        




Learn More
Leadership








 






Careers



            Learn about our hiring programs and what it’s like to work with us.
        




Learn More
Learn More








 






Corporate Responsibility



            See how we give back to our community.
        




Learn More
Learn More








 






Inclusion & Belonging



            View our commitment to our people.
        




Learn More
Learn More








 






Our Technology



            Learn about the technology that powers our solutions.
        




Learn More








 






News Room



            View our press releases and stories.
        




Learn More
Press Room








 






Experts



            View experts across industries we serve.
        




Learn More
Speakers Bureau








 






The ADAM Program



            See how we help bring missing kids home.
        




Learn More








 






Corporate Alliances and Partnerships



            We collaborate with resellers and integrators to help solve business challenges.
        




Learn More








 






Government Alliances



            World-class government technology solutions for the public good.
        




Learn More








 






Healthcare Partnerships



            Powerful data fusion and analytics solutions to make business much more efficient.
        




Learn More








 






Insurance Alliances



            An ecosystem of data and service providers for the insurance industry.
        




Learn More


















Contact




































 











            Terms and Conditions of Use for this Web Site

        





























                Home
            










        Terms

    


















YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.


 


This web site, including all of its features and content (this "Web Site") is a service made available by LexisNexis Risk Solutions or its affiliates ("Provider") and all content and information provided on or through this Web Site ("Content") may be used solely under the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use").    Use of any product, service or software is subject to the terms & conditions of your services agreement with Provider.


 


1. Web Site Limited License. As a user of this Web Site you are granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable, limited license to access and use this Web Site and Content in accordance with these Terms of Use. Provider may terminate this license at any time for any reason.


 


2. Limitations on Use; Third Party Communications and Web Sites.


 


2.1. Limitations on Use. The Content on this Web Site is for your personal use only and not for commercial exploitation. Notwithstanding the foregoing and to the extent this Web Site provides electronic commerce, such buying opportunities may be made available for group as well as personal purchasing, so long as you are authorized to make purchases on behalf of such group. You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, rent, lease, loan, sell, sublicense, or create derivative works from this Web Site or the Content, nor may you use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the site architecture or extract information about usage, individual identities or users. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials delivered herein. The content of the Site cannot be used, posted, sold, transmitted, distributed, modified or transferred for public or commercial purposes, without the prior written permission of LexisNexis Risk Assets Inc. You may not use any robot, spider, other automatic software or device, or manual process to monitor or copy our Web Site or the Content without Provider's prior written permission. You may not use this Web Site to transmit any false, misleading, fraudulent or illegal communications. You may not copy, modify, reproduce, republish, distribute, display, or transmit for commercial, non-profit or public purposes all or any portion of this Web Site, except to the extent permitted above. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export this Web Site or any portion thereof, or the Content in violation of the export control laws and regulations of the United States of America. Any unauthorized use of this Web Site or its Content is prohibited.


 


2.2. Third Party Communications, Web Sites and Content. Provider disclaims all liability for any Third Party Communications you may receive or any actions you may take or refrain from taking as a result of any Third Party Communications. You are solely responsible for assessing and verifying the identity and trustworthiness of the source and content of any Third Party Communications. Provider assumes no responsibility for verifying, and makes no representations or warranties regarding, the identity or trustworthiness of the source or content of any Third Party Communications. As used herein, "Third Party Communications" means any communications directed to you from any third party directly or indirectly in connection with this Web Site.  Provider makes no representations whatsoever about any other web sites, which may be accessed through this Web Site. Any such non-Provider web sites are independent of Provider and Provider has no control over the content on such web site. In addition, a link to a non-Provider web site does not constitute an endorsement of such web site by Provider or an acceptance of responsibility by Provider for the content, or the use, of such web site.  Third party content (including, without limitation, Postings) may appear on this Web Site or may be accessible via links from this Web Site. Provider shall not be responsible for and assumes no liability for any infringement, mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehood, obscenity, pornography or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content contained in any third party content appearing on this Web Site. You understand that the information and opinions in the third party content is neither endorsed by nor does it reflect the belief or opinion of Provider. Further, information and opinions provided by employees and agents of Provider in Interactive Areas are not necessarily endorsed by Provider and do not necessarily represent the beliefs and opinions of Provider.


 


3. Not Legal Advice. Content is not intended to and does not constitute legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is formed, nor is anything submitted to this Web Site treated as confidential. The accuracy, completeness, adequacy or currency of the Content is not warranted or guaranteed. Your use of Content on this Web Site or materials linked from this Web Site is at your own risk.


 


4. Intellectual Property Rights.


 


4.1 Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring on you or any third party any license or right, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, under any law (whether common law or statutory law), rule or regulation including, without limitation those related to copyright or other intellectual property rights. You agree that the Content and Web Site are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Marks") appearing on this Web Site are registered and unregistered Marks of Provider and others. Use of this Web Site and the information contained in no way constitutes the granting by Provider of any license or right to use any Marks displayed on this Web Site. You are strictly prohibited from using the Marks displayed on this Web Site or any other content on this Web Site, except as provided in these Legal Notices. For further information see Copyright. RELX and the RE symbol are trade marks of RELX Group plc, used under license.


 


4.2 This Web site contains interactive areas which includes, without limitation, any blogs, wikis, bulletin boards, discussion boards, chat rooms, email forums, and question and answer features (the "Interactive Areas"). You grant to Provider an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, authorize use of and have used on its behalf any ideas, expression of ideas, text, graphics, messages, blogs, links, data, information and other materials you submit (collectively, "Postings") to this Web Site. Said license is without restrictions of any kind and without any payment due from Provider to you or permission or notification, to you or any third party. The license includes, the right to make, use, sell, reproduce, publish, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works from, combine with other works, translate, distribute, display, perform and sublicense Postings in any form, medium, or technology now known or hereafter developed.


 


4.3. You certify and warrant that the Postings: (i) are your original works or that the owner of such works has expressly granted to Provider a perpetual worldwide royalty-free irrevocable, non-exclusive license for said works with all of the rights granted by you in section 4.2 of these Terms of Use and (ii) do not violate and will not violate the rights of any third party including any right of publicity, right of privacy, copyright, patent or other intellectual property right or any proprietary right.


 


4.4. You acknowledge and agree that your submitting Postings to this Web Site does not create any new or alter any existing relationship between you and Provider.


 


4.5. By submitting Postings to this Web Site, you acknowledge and agree that Provider may create on its own ideas that may be, or may obtain submissions that may be, similar or identical to Postings you submit. You agree that you shall have no recourse against Provider for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary or other right in the Postings you provide to Provider.


 


4.6. Provider shall have the exclusive option to purchase from you and acquire all right, title and interest in any Postings containing patentable subject-matter that you submit to this Web Site. The option shall be exercisable by Provider from the date you submit such Posting until one year from that date. If Provider exercises its option under this section 4.6, you agree to accept payment in the amount of $1,000.00 USD or value in kind at Provider's discretion as full and sufficient consideration for such purchase, and you agree to execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all instruments required to transfer legal ownership of Postings to Provider. Such instruments include, but are not limited to, assignments and declarations executed by you.


 


5. Digital Millennium Copyright Act - Notification of Alleged Copyright Infringement. Provider has registered an agent with the United States Copyright Office in accordance with the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "Act") and avails itself of the protections under the Act. Provider reserves the right to remove any Content that allegedly infringes another person's copyright. Provider will terminate, in appropriate circumstances, subscribers and account holders of Provider's system or network who are repeat infringers of another person's copyright. Notices to Provider regarding any alleged copyright infringement should be directed to the LexisNexis Chief Legal Officer via mail or courier at 1000 Alderman Drive, Alpharetta, GA 30005 or via fax at 678-694-5939.


 


6. Linking to this Web Site. You may provide links to this Web Site, provided that (a) you do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, any portion of this Web Site, including any advertisements, terms of use, copyright notice, and other notices on this Web Site, (b) you immediately deactivate and discontinue providing links to this Web Site if requested by Provider, and (c) Provider may deactivate any link(s) at its discretion.


 


7. No Solicitation. You shall not distribute on or through this Web Site any Postings containing any advertising, promotion, solicitation for goods, services or funds or solicitation for others to become members of any enterprise or organization without the express written permission of Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in any interactive areas of this Web Site, where appropriate you a) may list along with your name, address and email address, your own web site's URL and b) may recommend third party web sites, goods or services so long as you have no financial interest in and receive no direct or indirect benefit from such recommended web site, product or service or its recommendation. In no event may any person or entity solicit anyone with data retrieved from this Web Site.


 


8. Advertisers. This Web Site may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on this Web Site is accurate and complies with applicable laws. Provider will not be responsible for the illegality of or any error or inaccuracy in advertisers' or sponsors' materials or for the acts or omissions of advertisers and sponsors.


 


9. Registration. Certain sections of this Web Site require you to register. If registration is requested, you agree to provide accurate and complete registration information. It is your responsibility to inform Provider of any changes to that information. Each registration is for a single individual only, unless specifically designated otherwise on the registration page. Provider does not permit a) anyone other than you to use the sections requiring registration by using your name or password; or b) access through a single name being made available to multiple users on a network or otherwise. You are responsible for preventing such unauthorized use. If you believe there has been unauthorized use, you must notify Provider immediately via mail or courier directed to the LexisNexis Chief Legal Officer at 1000 Alderman Drive, Alpharetta, GA 30005 or via fax at 678-694-5939.


 


10. Postings in Interactive Areas of this Web Site.


 


10.1. Postings to be Lawful. If you participate in Interactive Areas on this Web Site, you shall not post, publish, upload or distribute any Postings which are unlawful or abusive in any way, including, but not limited to, any Postings that are defamatory, libelous, pornographic, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, inclusive of hate speech, or would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or give rise to liability or violate any local, state, federal or international law, or the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, or the NASDAQ, either intentionally or unintentionally. Provider may delete your Postings at any time for any reason without permission from you.


 


10.2. Postings to be in Your Name. Your Postings shall be accompanied by your real name and shall not be posted anonymously. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if the applicable registration page for your participation in any of the Interactive Areas allows you to create a screen name, you may also select and use an appropriate screen name that is not your real name, provided that you use your real name when registering for participation in the Interactive Area and attorneys agree their real name may always be posted. Participants in Interactive Areas shall not misrepresent their identity or their affiliation with any person or entity.


 


10.3. Postings shall not contain protected health information. You are strictly prohibited from submitting Postings that are considered protected health information under the Health Accountability and Portability Protection Act of 1996 (HIPAA) or the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH).


 


10.4. No Monitoring of Postings. Provider has no obligation to monitor or screen Postings and is not responsible for the content in such Postings or any content linked to or from such Postings. Provider however reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to monitor Interactive Areas, screen Postings, edit Postings, cause Postings not to be posted, published, uploaded or distributed, and remove Postings, at any time and for any reason or no reason.


 


10.5. Non-Commercial Use only of Interactive Areas. Interactive Areas are provided solely for your personal use. Any unauthorized use of the Interactive Areas of this Web Site, its Content, or Postings is expressly prohibited.


 


11. Errors and Corrections. Provider does not represent or warrant that this Web Site or the Content or Postings will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected or that it will always be accessible. Provider does not warrant or represent that the Content or Postings available on or through this Web Site will be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise reliable. Provider may make improvements and/or changes to its features, functionality or Content or Postings at any time.


 


12. Attorney Ethics Notice; Posting Rules. If you are an attorney participating in any aspect of this Web Site, including but not limited to Interactive Areas, a) you agree not to provide specific legal advice in any of your Postings and to draft Postings which are appropriate, educational, and in accordance with attorney ethics requirements, b) you represent and warrant that you are an attorney in good standing with a license to practice law in at least one of the 50 United States of America or the District of Columbia, c) you agree to promptly notify Provider of any grievance, claim, reprimand, or censure brought against you, as well as resignation or other loss of license, d) you acknowledge that the Rules of Professional Conduct of the jurisdictions where you are licensed ("Rules") apply to all aspects of your participation and that you will abide by these Rules. These Rules include, but are not limited to, the rules relating to advertising, solicitation of clients, rules regarding the establishment of attorney-client relationships, failure to maintain client confidences, unauthorized practice of law, and misrepresentations of fact. Provider disclaims all responsibility for your compliance with these Rules. You further agree and acknowledge that when you participate in any of the Interactive Areas on this Web Site, that you will not offer legal advice, but will only provide general information. Provider highly recommends that you include a disclaimer at the end of every Posting regarding the aforementioned advertising and ethics issues. Provider will have no liability to you arising out of or related to your compliance or noncompliance with such laws and rules, or related to Provider’s inclusion or failure to include a disclaimer in the Interactive Areas.


 


13. Assumption of Risk. You assume all liability for any claims, suits or grievances filed against you, including all damages related to your participation in any of the Interactive Areas.


 


14. DISCLAIMER. THIS WEB SITE, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, THE CONTENT, AND POSTINGS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS, AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. PROVIDER DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM, ARISING OUT OF OR ANY WAY RELATED TO (A) ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THIS WEB SITE, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, THE CONTENT, AND THE POSTINGS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TECHNICAL INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, (B) THIRD PARTY COMMUNICATIONS, (C) ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES OR CONTENT THEREIN DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ACCESSED THROUGH LINKS IN THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS THEREFROM, (D) THE UNAVAILABILITY OF THIS WEB SITE, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, THE CONTENT, THE POSTINGS, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, (E) YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, THE CONTENT, OR THE POSTINGS, OR (F) YOUR USE OF ANY EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEB SITE, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, THE CONTENT, OR THE POSTINGS.  PROVIDER ALSO ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING IN THE WEB SITE OR THE DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, DATA, TEXT, IMAGES, VIDEO OR AUDIO FROM THE WEB SITE.


 


15. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. PROVIDER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE, THE CONTENT, THE POSTINGS, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, ANY FACTS OR OPINIONS APPEARING ON OR THROUGH ANY OF THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY COMMUNICATIONS. PROVIDER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS' FEES) IN ANY WAY DUE TO, RESULTING FROM, OR ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE, THE INTERACTIVE AREAS, THE CONTENT, THE POSTINGS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY COMMUNICATIONS. TO THE EXTENT THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PROHIBITED OR FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, PROVIDER'S SOLE OBLIGATION TO YOU FOR DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED TO $100.00.


 


16. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Provider, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to this Web Site harmless from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Use by you or arising from or related to any Postings uploaded or submitted by you.


 


17. Third Party Rights. The provisions of paragraphs 14 (Disclaimer), 15 (Limitation of Liability), and 16 (Indemnification) are for the benefit of Provider and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, and any third party information providers to this Web Site. Each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce those provisions directly against you on its own behalf.


 


18. Unlawful Activity; Termination of Access. Provider reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of our Terms of Use and to take any action we deem appropriate including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to user profiles, e-mail addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information. Provider may discontinue any party’s participation in any of the Interactive Areas at any time for any reason or no reason.


 


19. Remedies for Violations. Provider reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Use, including but not limited to the right to block access from a particular internet address to this Web Site and any other Provider web sites and their features.


 


20. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. The Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia and any action arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in state or federal courts located in Georgia and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such action.


 


21. Privacy. Your use of this Web Site is subject to Provider's Privacy Policy.


 


22. Severability of Provisions. These Terms of Use incorporate by reference any notices contained on this Web Site, the Privacy Policy and the Provider Services Terms and constitute the entire agreement with respect to access to and use of this Web Site, the Interactive Areas, and the Content and Postings. If any provision of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, or conflicts with the Provider Services Terms then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and enforceability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms of Use, if you have a separate signed written agreement with a Provider that applies to your use of any of that Provider's Content, that agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and that Provider with respect to the affected Content subject thereto (the "Otherwise Covered Content"), and these Terms of Use shall be treated as having no force or effect with respect to the Otherwise Covered Content.


 


23. Modifications to Terms of Use. Provider reserves the right to change these Terms of Use at any time. Updated versions of the Terms of Use will appear on this Web Site and are effective immediately. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of Use. Continued use of this Web Site after any such changes constitutes your consent to such changes.










LexisNexis Master Terms & Conditions














 









    Industries



Collections and Recovery


Financial Services


Government


Healthcare


Insurance


Law Enforcement and Public Safety


Corporations and Non-Profits



    Our Products



View Our Products



    Insights and Resources



Article


Case Study


Blog


Infographic


Podcast


Research


Video


Webinar


White Paper



    About Us




Business Overview


Executive Leadership


Our Technology


Careers


Press Room


Experts




Corporate Service Partnerships


Government Alliances


Healthcare Partnerships


Insurance Partnerships


Site Map



    Contact



Sales


Customer Support


Consumer Assistance


Media Contacts


Industry Analyst


Career Opportunities


Report Security Issue


Provide Feedback



    Policies



Terms and Conditions


Legal Notices


Privacy Policy


US Privacy Notice


Cookie Settings


Cookie Policy


Consumer and Data Access


Ad Choices






Your Privacy Choices  



NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.










LexisNexis® Risk Solutions, part of RELX.


















 










 






 






 






 












Copyright 
©
 2025 LexisNexis Risk Solutions.


 




































Share




 




Linkedin








 




Twitter








 




Facebook








 




Email






















 

















