Business.gov.nl uses cookies to improve the website. These functional and analytical cookies do not contain your personal data. Do you want to watch video content? Third parties may place tracking cookies to track your online behaviour. You can refuse these tracking cookies.
 
How cookies are used on Business.gov.nl.
Accept all cookies
Refuse tracking cookies
Skip to main content
Go to the search page
Logo Business.gov.nl, government information for entrepreneurs.
Menu
Home
Topics
Main menu
Topics
Coming to the Netherlands
Starting a business
Running your business
Finance and taxes
Staff
Business location
Products, services, and innovation
International business
Sustainable business
Ending or transferring your business
Regulations
Main menu
Regulations
Regulations
Amendments
Subsidies
Videos
Factsheets
Contact
Ondernemersplein.overheid.nl (Nederlands)
Search
Home
Regulations
General terms and conditions
Published by
:
Netherlands Enterprise Agency, RVO
2 min read
Nederlandse versie
Please note: this regulation is subject to change
On this page
What are general terms and conditions?
Are general terms and conditions mandatory?
Unreasonable conditions
Inform your customer (duty of disclosure)
Modifying general terms and conditions
Annulling general terms and conditions
General terms and conditions state the rules that apply when you sell something, or provide a service to a customer. You do not have to use general terms and conditions, but if you use them, they apply to both you and you customer.
What are general terms and conditions?
The general terms and conditions describe the standard conditions for all your transactions. General terms and conditions are part of the 
(purchase) agreement
. In them you can describe for instance:
payment conditions
delivery times
conditions for repairs
guarantees
how you deal with disputes
General terms and conditions are not about specifics of your product or service, such as price or colour. Learn more on 
how to draft general terms and conditions
.
Are general terms and conditions mandatory?
You do not have to draw up general terms and conditions. Legal requirements always apply to 
purchase agreements
 for you and your customer. Some sector organisations do enforce the use of general terms and conditions, for instance in childcare.
In the Netherlands, several sector organisations, often together with consumer organisations, have jointly drawn up general terms and conditions. Please contact your 
sector organisation
 (
MKB-Nederland
, in Dutch) to find out if they have general terms and conditions for you to use.
If you do use general conditions, they apply to both you and your customer. You can file your general terms and conditions with 
the Dutch Chamber of Commerce
 (KVK), or with 
the court
 (in Dutch). Note that this is also not mandatory. 
Unreasonable conditions
You are not allowed to have unreasonable conditions. Unreasonable is, for instance, if you deny your customer certain legal rights. The law states:
which conditions 
are unreasonable
 (in Dutch), for example that your customer can only undo their purchase through the court
which conditions 
may be unreasonable
 (in Dutch), for instance that you cannot be held liable for damage
Inform your customer (duty of disclosure)
Before you conclude an agreement, you must inform your customer about the general terms and conditions you use. Use clear language to draw up your general terms and conditions, and make sure your customer knows what they are. You can do so, for example, by having them confirm they have read the terms and conditions.
Modifying general terms and conditions
You are allowed to change your general terms and conditions while you are doing business with a customer, but not on a whim. You must inform your customer about these changes in plain language.
Do supply continuing services or products, such as subscriptions? You are not allowed to just change your terms and conditions, you must comply with these rules:
On purchase it must be clear that you may change the conditions at any time.
You must inform your customer by sending them the changes in your general terms and conditions. A short note is not enough.
The changes must be reasonable. You customer should for instance be able to terminate the agreement (for example their 
subscription
). And you are not allowed to change the price of a subscription within 3 months.
Annulling general terms and conditions
Your customer has the right to annul the general terms and conditions if one of the following is the case:
you fail to observe the rules for general terms and conditions: for instance, your terms are unreasonable;
you suddenly change your terms and fail to inform your customer clearly and in a timely fashion.
Your customer can have the general terms and conditions annulled by sending a letter or an email. Annulment renders your general terms and conditions invalid.
Amendments
Ban on cash payments over €3,000
Effective date: 1 January 2026
This article is related to:
Retail and wholesale general
Sales and advertising
How would you rate this page?
(question 1 of max 3)
We are sorry to hear that. How can we improve?
(question 2 of 3)
The information is incomplete
I do not understand the information
The information is incorrect
I do not agree with these rules
None of the above
Related articles
Purchase agreement
Payment term, collection charges, and statutory interest
Automatic renewal subscription
Providing a guarantee
Legal assistance with a dispute or conflict
General Transport Conditions (AVC)
Agreements and contracts: all you need to know
Drafting general terms and conditions
External links
Offering general terms and conditions (Authority for Consumers and Markets, ACM, in Dutch)
General terms and conditions (Netherlands Chamber of Commerce, KVK)
Overview Consumer terms and conditions (general terms and conditions) (Social and Economic Council, SER, in Dutch)
Questions relating to this article?
Please contact the 
Netherlands Enterprise Agency, RVO
+31 (0)88 042 44 00
Contact form
Ask other entrepreneurs for advice on Higherlevel.nl
To top
Logo Business.gov.nl, government information for entrepreneurs.
About this website
About us
Contact
Partners
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Privacy and cookies
Glossary
Ondernemersplein (Dutch)
Our main contributors:
General terms and conditions | Business.gov.nl