









































Terms and conditions - GOV.UK


































































Cookies on GOV.UK






We use some essential cookies to make this website work.


We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services.


We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.




You have accepted additional cookies. 
You can 
change your cookie settings
 at any time.


You have rejected additional cookies. 
You can 
change your cookie settings
 at any time.










Accept additional cookies


Reject additional cookies


View cookies







          Hide this message
        








Skip to main content














GOV.UK
































 





        Navigation menu
      








                Menu





Menu


 







                Search GOV.UK
              











                ×
              







                Search GOV.UK
              










 


 











                  Services and information
                






Benefits






Births, death, marriages and care






Business and self-employed






Childcare and parenting






Citizenship and living in the UK






Crime, justice and the law






Disabled people






Driving and transport






Education and learning






Employing people






Environment and countryside






Housing and local services






Money and tax






Passports, travel and living abroad






Visas and immigration






Working, jobs and pensions











                  Government activity
                






Departments


Departments, agencies and public bodies






News


News stories, speeches, letters and notices






Guidance and regulation


Detailed guidance, regulations and rules






Research and statistics


Reports, analysis and official statistics






Policy papers and consultations


Consultations and strategy






Transparency


Data, Freedom of Information releases and corporate reports



















            Search
          












Search GOV.UK













        Search
        









 








 






 












Emergency Alerts



          Test on Sunday 7 September, 3pm
        




















Home























    Terms and conditions

















This page and any pages it links to explains GOV.UK’s terms of use. You must agree to these to use GOV.UK.


Who we are


GOV.UK is managed by the 
Government Digital Service
 (
GDS
) on behalf of the Crown. 
GDS
 is part of the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (
DSIT
) and will be referred to as ‘we’ from now on.


Using GOV.UK


You agree to use GOV.UK only for lawful purposes. You must also use it in a way that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site by anyone else.


We update GOV.UK all the time. We can change or remove content at any time without notice.


Services and transactions


You can use GOV.UK to access online government services and transactions, for example 
apply for Universal Credit
 or 
register to vote
.


These can be managed by 
GDS
 or another government department or agency.


Some services have their own terms and conditions which also apply - read these before you use the service.


Linking to GOV.UK


We welcome and encourage other websites to link to GOV.UK.


You must 
contact us
 for permission if you want to either:




charge your website’s users to click on a link to any page on GOV.UK


say your website is associated with or endorsed by GOV.UK or another government department or agency




Linking from GOV.UK


GOV.UK links to websites that are managed by other government departments and agencies, service providers or other organisations. We do not have any control over the content on these websites.


We’re not responsible for:




the protection of any information you give to these websites


any loss or damage that may come from your use of these websites, or any other websites they link to




You agree to release us from any claims or disputes that may come from using these websites.


You should read all terms and conditions, privacy policies and end user licences that relate to these websites before you use them.


Using GOV.UK content


Most content on GOV.UK is subject to 
Crown copyright protection
 and is published under the 
Open Government Licence
 (
OGL
), which also sets out which content is exempt.


If any content is not subject to Crown copyright protection or published under the 
OGL
, we’ll usually credit the author or copyright holder.


You can reproduce content published on GOV.UK under the 
OGL
 as long as you follow the licence’s conditions.


Contact us
 if you want to reproduce a piece of content but are not sure if it’s covered by Crown copyright or the 
OGL
.


We make most of the content on GOV.UK available through feeds for other websites and applications to use. The websites and applications that use our feeds are not our products, and they might use versions of our content that have been edited and stored for later use (‘cached’).


We do not give any guarantees, conditions or warranties about the accuracy or completeness of any content used by these products. We’re not liable for any loss or damage that may come from your use of these products.


The most up to date version of our content will always be on GOV.UK.


Disclaimer


While we make every effort to keep GOV.UK up to date, we do not provide any guarantees, conditions or warranties that the information will be:




current


secure


accurate


complete


free from bugs or viruses




We do not publish advice on GOV.UK. You should get professional or specialist advice before doing anything on the basis of the content.


We’re not liable for any loss or damage that may come from using GOV.UK. This includes:




any direct, indirect or consequential losses


any loss or damage caused by civil wrongs (‘tort’, including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise


the use of GOV.UK and any websites that are linked to or from it


the inability to use GOV.UK and any websites that are linked to or from it




This applies if the loss or damage was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you advised us that it might happen.


This includes (but is not limited to) the loss of your:




income or revenue


salary, benefits or other payments


business


profits or contracts


opportunity


anticipated savings


data


goodwill or reputation


tangible property


intangible property, including loss, corruption or damage to data or any computer system


wasted management or office time




We may still be liable for:




death or personal injury arising from our negligence


fraudulent misrepresentation


any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law




Requests to remove content


You can ask for content to be removed from GOV.UK. We’ll remove content:




in order to comply with data protection legislation covering the rights and freedoms of individuals


if it breaches copyright laws, contains sensitive personal data or material that may be considered obscene or defamatory




Contact us
 to ask for content to be removed. You’ll need to send us the web address (URL) of the content and explain why you think it should be removed. We’ll reply to let you know whether we’ll remove it.


We remove content at our discretion in discussion with the department or agency responsible for it. You can still request information under the 
Freedom of Information Act
 and the 
Data Protection Act
.


Information about you and your visits to GOV.UK


We collect information about you in accordance with our 
privacy policy
 and our 
cookie policy
. By using GOV.UK, you agree to us collecting this information and confirm that any data you provide is accurate.


Virus protection


We make every effort to check and test GOV.UK for viruses at every stage of production. You must make sure that the way you use GOV.UK does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which can damage your computer system.


We’re not responsible for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or computer system that might happen when you use GOV.UK.


Viruses, hacking and other offences


When using GOV.UK, you must not introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other material that’s malicious or technologically harmful.


You must not try to gain unauthorised access to GOV.UK, the server on which it’s stored or any server, computer or database connected to it.


You must not attack GOV.UK in any way. This includes denial-of-service attacks.


We’ll report any attacks or attempts to gain unauthorised access to GOV.UK to the relevant law enforcement authorities and share information about you with them.


Governing law


These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.


Any dispute you have which relates to these terms and conditions, or your use of GOV.UK (whether it be contractual or non-contractual), will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.


General


There may be legal notices elsewhere on GOV.UK that relate to how you use the site.


We’re not liable if we fail to comply with these terms and conditions because of circumstances beyond our reasonable control.


We might decide not to exercise or enforce any right available to us under these terms and conditions. We can always decide to exercise or enforce that right at a later date.


Doing this once will not mean we automatically waive the right on any other occasion.


If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions will still apply.


Changes to these terms and conditions


Please check these terms and conditions regularly. We can update them at any time without notice.


You’ll agree to any changes if you continue to use GOV.UK after the terms and conditions have been updated.






Updates to this page

      Last updated 3 September 2024














        Related content
      






Privacy notice


About GOV.UK










































Is this page useful?







              Maybe

 





              Yes 
this page is useful


 





              No 
this page is not useful


 









      Thank you for your feedback
    





        Report a problem with this page

 
















Help us improve GOV.UK


Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.




This field is for robots only. Please leave blank








What were you doing?










What went wrong?








Send



        Cancel
      


















Help us improve GOV.UK



        To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today.
        
Please fill in this survey (opens in a new tab
 and requires JavaScript
)
.
      



        Cancel
      














































Services and information






Benefits






Births, death, marriages and care






Business and self-employed






Childcare and parenting






Citizenship and living in the UK






Crime, justice and the law






Disabled people






Driving and transport






Education and learning






Employing people






Environment and countryside






Housing and local services






Money and tax






Passports, travel and living abroad






Visas and immigration






Working, jobs and pensions










Government activity






Departments






News






Guidance and regulation






Research and statistics






Policy papers and consultations






Transparency






How government works






Get involved
















Support links






Help






Privacy






Cookies






Accessibility statement






Contact






Terms and conditions






Rhestr o Wasanaethau Cymraeg






Government Digital Service













            All content is available under the 
Open Government Licence v3.0
, except where otherwise stated
          






© Crown copyright

















