General Terms and Conditions of Sale
met on timely notification of readiness to ship if the delivery
1. General of goods and services cannot be shipped in time through
no fault of ZEISS.
1.1 Any delivery of goods and services by ZEISS as the seller
to the customer (“Customer”) shall be subject to the Terms 4.3 With respect to periods and dates which are not expressly
and Conditions of Sale set forth herein exclusively, except defined as fixed in the order confirmation the Customer
where other agreements have been explicitly made. may set a reasonable delivery period for delivery and
performance two weeks after the expiry of such period or
1.2 Insofar as provisions of the Terms and Conditions of Sale
date. ZEISS shall only be in default after expiry of such
are addressed to entrepreneurs, these provisions shall only
delivery period and by reminder of the Customer. In all
apply to entrepreneurs within the meaning of § 14 of the
other respects the occurrence of delay in delivery shall be
German Civil Code (BGB). For consumers within the
governed by the statutory provisions.
meaning of § 13 of the German Civil Code (BGB), the law
shall apply in this respect, unless otherwise expressly 4.4 Without prejudicing ZEISS’ further legal rights including but
regulated in these Terms and Conditions of Sale. not limited to rights due to default of Costumer, periods and
dates shall be extended by the period of time during which
1.3 The Customer’s general terms and conditions that are
the Customer fails to comply with its obligations towards
inconsistent with or supplement the Terms and Conditions
ZEISS.
of Sale set forth herein shall only apply to the extent ZEISS
has explicitly consented in writing. Without such consent, 4.5 ZEISS is entitled to partial deliveries and partial services if
delivery of goods and services of ZEISS shall in any case these are reasonable for the Customer.
be based on the Terms and Conditions of Sale even if the
Customer has referred to its own general terms and 4.6 Due to a breach of duty for which ZEISS is not responsible
conditions. and which does not consist of a defect (in particular delay
in delivery or performance), the Customer is only entitled to
1.4 Any claims held against ZEISS may not be assigned to third rescind the contract after two reasonable grace periods
parties. § 354a of the German Commercial Code (HGB) unsuccessfully expired unless the hindrance is merely
shall remain unaffected. temporary in nature and a postponement of the delivery is
reasonable for the Customer.
1.5 The sale, resale and the disposal of goods and services
including any associated technology or documentation may 4.7 Notwithstanding the right of the entrepreneur to rescind the
be governed by German, EU, US export control regulations contract due to a breach of duty for which ZEISS is
as well as by the export control regulations of further responsible or due to a defect, the entrepreneur's free right
countries. Any resale of goods to embargoed countries or of termination is excluded. In all other respects the legal
to denied persons or persons that use or may use the requirements and legal consequences shall apply.
goods for military purposes, ABC weapons or nuclear
technology is subject to an official license. Customer 4.8 Any contractual or statutory right of a Customer to rescind
declares with its order the conformity with such statutes the contract, which the Customer fails to exercise within a
and regulations and that the goods and services will not reasonable period of time set by ZEISS, shall be forfeited.
directly or indirectly be delivered into countries that prohibit
or restrict the import of such goods or services. Customer 4.9 The rights of the Customer according to section 10 and the
declares to have obtained all licenses required for export legal rights of ZEISS remain unaffected.
and import.
5. Shipment, passing of risk
2. Information, consultancy
5.1. ZEISS shall only owe shipment of goods and services if this
Information and consultancy in relation to ZEISS’ goods has been expressly agreed. Subject to section 5.2 or any
and services are based on ZEISS’ existing experience. Any other express agreement, shipment and transport shall be
values quoted as part thereof, including but not limited to at the risk and expense of the Customer.
performance data, are average values determined through
5.2 If ZEISS, at the request of the entrepreneur, ships goods
experiments under standard laboratory conditions. ZEISS
and services sold to another place than the place of
does not assume any obligation to precisely meet the
performance, the risk of accidental deterioration and
quoted values and possible areas of application. Section
accidental loss shall pass to the entrepreneur as soon as
10 of these Terms and Conditions of Sale governs any
ZEISS has handed the goods and services over to the
issues of liability.
person specified to carry out the shipment (§ 447 of the
3. Prices, cost allocation German Civil Code – BGB). With respect to a consumer
§§ 447, 475 of the German Civil Code (BGB) apply in this
3.1 Only the prices quoted in the order confirmation of ZEISS case.
shall apply. Additional services will be invoiced separately.
5.3. Unless otherwise agreed, ZEISS reserves the right to
3.2 All prices are quoted as net prices and do not include value deliver through its own delivery organisation.
added tax, which is to be paid additionally by the Customer
in the amount specified by applicable law. 5.4 If a shipment is delayed for reasons to be attributed to the
Customer, the risk of accidental deterioration, loss and
3.3 Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing upon destruction shall pass to the Customer upon notification of
conclusion of the contract, the prices are quoted ex works ZEISS’ readiness to ship. Storage costs after passing of
of the company of the ZEISS Group using these Terms and risk shall be borne by the Customer. Further claims remain
Conditions of Sale. In particular, Customer shall bear all unaffected.
additional costs for freight, transport, shipping and
insurance, public charges (including withholding tax), 5.5 If the Customer defaults in accepting, ZEISS shall be
official permits and customs duties as well as packaging entitled to claim compensation for the expenses incurred
costs exceeding the customary packaging. Section 14.4 by ZEISS and with default of acceptance the risk of
applies to alleged later agreements. accidental deterioration, loss and destruction shall pass to
the Customer.
4. Delivery
6. Payment
4.1 Unless otherwise expressly agreed, ZEISS shall deliver ex
works (EXW INCOTERMS 2010) of the ZEISS Group 6.1 Payment shall be made in full within 30 days from the date
company using these Terms and Conditions of Sale. o f t h e i n v o i c e . P a y m e n t s h a l l b e c o n s i d e r e d t o h a v e b e e n
made on the day the payable sum is received by ZEISS.
4.2 Delivery periods shall only be deemed to have been agreed Bills of exchange and cheques shall not be deemed
if they have been expressly confirmed in writing. Delivery payment until after they have been honoured and will be
periods shall begin on the date of the order confirmation by accepted without any obligation to make timely
ZEISS, however, in no case prior to settlement of all details presentation and timely protest.
relating to an order including the furnishing of any required
official certificates. Delivery periods shall be deemed to be
Version 2020 Page 1 of 4
General Terms and Conditions of Sale
6.2 Immediately upon default of payment – or from the due subject to retention of title. They serve as collateral to the
date if Customer is a merchant within the meaning of the same extent as the goods subject to retention of title. The
German Commercial Code (HGB) – ZEISS shall be entitled entrepreneur shall only be entitled and authorised to resell
to demand default interest at a rate of 9 (5 in case the goods subject to retention of title if it is ensured that
Customer is a consumer) percentage points above the entrepreneur’s claims against third parties resulting from
base lending rate p.a.. ZEISS reserves the right to claim a the resell are transferred to ZEISS.
higher actual damage.
7.6 If the entrepreneur resells goods subject to retention of title
6.3 Customers may only offset against a counterclaim which is together with goods from other suppliers at a certain total
uncontested or has been finally and non-appealably price, Customer assigns to ZEISS its claim against third
established or is reciprocally linked to the main claim. parties arising from such resale to the extent of the invoice
value of the goods subject to retention of title initially sold
6.4 An entrepreneur may only withhold its counter- by ZEISS.
performance because of such counterclaims which are
uncontested or have been finally and non-appealably 7.7 If an assigned claim is included into a current account, the
established. entrepreneur herewith assigns to ZEISS that part of the
balance which is equivalent to the amount of this claim,
6.5 Any of ZEISS’ receivables shall be immediately payable in including the final balance from the current account
the event of a default in payment, a notice given in protest operations.
against a bill of exchange or suspension of the Customer's
payments, independent of the term of the bills of exchange 7.8 Until ZEISS gives notice of revocation, the entrepreneur
which may have already been accepted. In all cases shall be authorised to collect claims assigned to ZEISS.
mentioned in sentence 1, ZEISS shall also be able to ZEISS shall be entitled to such revocation, if the
perform remaining deliveries only against advance entrepreneur fails to meet its payment obligations under the
payment or provision of security, and, if no such advance business relationship with ZEISS in due course. If the
payment is made or security provided within a two-week preconditions for exercising the revocation right are
time period, to rescind the contract without another grace fulfilled, the entrepreneur shall, upon ZEISS’ request,
period. This shall not affect any further claims. immediately notify ZEISS of any assigned claims with the
respective debtors, furnish all data required for collection of
7. Retention of title such claims, hand over all related documentation and notify
the debtors of the assignment. ZEISS reserves the right to
7.1 With respect to consumers ZEISS reserves the right of
notify the debtors of the assignment itself.
ownership of delivered goods and services ("goods subject
to retention of title") until the purchase price of the goods 7.9 If the value of the collateral deposited for the benefit of
subject to retention of title has been paid in full. ZEISS shall ZEISS exceeds the secured claims by a total of more than
be notified by Customer immediately of any seizure or other fifty (50) per cent, the Customer shall be entitled to demand
access to the goods subject to retention of title by third that ZEISS insofar release collaterals of the choice of
parties; the same shall apply if an application for the ZEISS.
opening of insolvency proceedings has been filed.
7.10 If ZEISS asserts the retention of title against an
7.2 With respect to entrepreneurs ZEISS reserves the right of entrepreneur, this action shall only be deemed as
ownership of delivered goods and services ("goods subject rescission of the contract if ZEISS expressly declares this
to retention of title ") until full payment of all present and in writing.
future claims irrespective of their legal basis arising from
the legal and business relationship upon which the delivery 7.11 The entrepreneur’s right to possess goods subject to
is based. retention of title shall be null and void, if the entrepreneur
fails to meet its contractual obligations.
7.3 If the goods subject to retention of title are processed or
transformed, the processing and transforming is carried out 8. Software rights
in the name of and for ZEISS as manufacturer. In the event
of processing, transforming, combining or intermixture of 8.1 For all delivered programs the respective underlying
goods subject to retention of title with other goods by the license terms (EULA) apply.
Customer, ZEISS shall be entitled to co-ownership of any
8.2 The Customer is granted a non-exclusive, non-assignable
new object inasmuch as the invoiced value of goods with
right to use related documentation and updates for no other
retention of title relates to the value of the other involved
purpose than the internal operation of the delivered goods
goods. Where ZEISS loses ownership due to processing,
and services for which such software is intended. For
transforming, combining or intermixture with other goods,
documentation created and delivered at the Customer's
the Customer herewith transfers ownership of the new
request, ZEISS shall grant that Customer single end user
object to ZEISS to the extent of the value of the goods
licences in the desired quantity to the extent of a non-
subject to retention of title. Customer shall be responsible
exclusive and non-transferable right of use.
for holding the new object in safe custody on the behalf of
ZEISS and at Customer’s own expense. Any rights of 8.3 Source programs shall only be provided based on a
ownership or co-ownership resulting from processing, separate written agreement.
transforming, combining or intermixture shall be deemed to
be goods subject to retention of title within the meaning of 9. Warranty
section 7.
9.1 If there is a defect in quality or title (“defect”) in delivered
7.4 The entrepreneur is only entitled to resell goods subject to goods and services, the statutory provisions shall apply,
retention of title or to process or combine or mix them with unless otherwise specified hereafter.
other property within the scope of proper business
operations and as long as the Customer is not in default. 9.2 Cure shall be carried out at ZEISS' discretion either by
The Customer shall be prohibited from taking any other remedying the defect or by providing a defect-free delivery
disposition regarding goods subject to retention of title. of goods and services.
Section 7.1 sentence 2 applies also to entrepreneurs. All
9.3 The delivery of goods and services claimed to be defective
intervention costs will be charged to the entrepreneurs if
shall be returned to ZEISS for examination in their original
and to the extent that they cannot be collected from such
or equivalent packaging.
third party. If the entrepreneur grants its buyer additional
time for payment of the sales price, entrepreneur shall 9.4 An entrepreneur who is also a merchant within the meaning
reserve title to the goods subject to retention of title for itself of the German Commercial Code (HGB) shall fulfil its
on the same conditions upon which ZEISS has reserved its statutory obligation to inspect and give notice of defects
title when delivering goods subject to retention of title. immediately in writing or text form (§§ 377, 381 of the
Otherwise the entrepreneur is not authorised to resell the German Commercial Code – HGB).
goods subject to retention of title.
9.5 ZEISS shall be entitled to refuse cure in accordance with
7.5 The entrepreneur herewith assigns to ZEISS any claims the statutory provisions. ZEISS may refuse cure if the
against third parties resulting from a resale of goods
Version 2020 Page 2 of 4
General Terms and Conditions of Sale
Customer has not sent the delivery of goods and services a defect, or gave a guarantee of quality in the sense of
claimed to be defective to ZEISS for examination at ZEISS’ § 444 of the German Civil Code (BGB) (declaration by
request. ZEISS that the object of purchase has a certain
characteristic at the time of passing of risk and that ZEISS
9.6 The Customer shall be entitled to rescind the contract or will be liable for all consequences of its absence
reduce the price in accordance with the statutory irrespective of fault), or for damages based on injury to life,
provisions, however not before the Customer has set a body or health, or in the case of mandatory liability under
reasonable grace period to cure the defect which ZEISS the laws on product liability.
has failed to observe, unless setting such grace period is
dispensable under the statutory provisions. In the event of 10.5 The limitation period for claims for damages against ZEISS
rescission, the Customer shall be liable for any intentional regardless of the legal basis shall be one year (or two years
or negligent actions that results in destruction, loss of the if the Customer is a consumer) from the date of delivery to
goods or undrawn benefits. the Customer or, in case of tortious claims, from the date
of knowledge or grossly negligent ignorance of the
9.7 All information about ZEISS’ products, including but not circumstances justifying the claim and of the person liable
limited to pictures, drawings, data about weight, about to pay compensation. However, in all cases of section 10.3
measure and about performance, contained in offers and as well as in all case of liability for damages caused by
brochures are approximate average values. Such intent or gross negligence, the limitation period shall be
information shall in no way constitute a guarantee of quality governed exclusively by the statutory provisions.
or durability, but they are rather approximate descriptions
or labelling of the offered goods and services. 10.6 If the Customer is an intermediary seller of the goods
delivered by ZEISS and the final purchaser of the goods is
9.8 Unless limits for deviations have been expressly agreed in a consumer, the limitation period for any action of recourse
the order confirmation, deviations shall be admissible if against ZEISS by the Customer shall be the period
they are customary within the trade. specified by statute.
9.9 Normal wear and tear of the delivered goods and services 10.7 The liability of ZEISS for software delivered by ZEISS shall
are not subject to warranty. be limited to liability for losses or alteration of data caused
by the program; however, ZEISS shall not be liable for any
9.10 The description of a delivery of goods and services as
losses or alteration of data which could have been avoided
declassified or used is an agreement on quality. Flaws or
by the Customer’s compliance with its duty to secure such
restrictions which are identifiable, or which typically result
data at appropriate intervals and at least once per day.
from being declassified or used shall not be deemed to be
defects. 10.8 In all other respects, the liability of ZEISS is excluded. The
statutory burden of proof remains unaffected.
9.11 Any warranty shall be void, if ZEISS’ operating or
maintenance instructions are not observed, if changes are 11. Industrial property rights, copyrights
made to delivered goods or services, if parts are replaced
or materials used that are not in accordance with the 11.1 In the event of claims against the Customer because of
original product specifications by ZEISS, unless the breach of an industrial property right or a copyright in using
Customer proves that the defect in question resulted from delivered goods or services in accordance with the
another cause. For a consumer the provision of § 477 of contractually defined manner, ZEISS shall be responsible
the German Civil Code (BGB) remains unaffected. to obtain the right for the Customer to continue using such
goods or services, provided that the Customer gives
9.12 Remedy of defects and providing a defect-free delivery by immediate written notice of such third-party claims and
ZEISS based on a notification of a defect by the Customer ZEISS’ rights to take all appropriate defensive and out-of-
shall only result in a new start of the limitation period if court actions are reserved. If, despite such actions, it
ZEISS expressly declared an acknowledgement. proves impossible under reasonable economic conditions
to continue using the deliveries or services supplied by
9.13 Section 10 shall apply to any claims for damages and
ZEISS, it shall be deemed as agreed that ZEISS may, at
reimbursement of expenses by the Customer due to
the discretion of ZEISS, modify or replace the particular
defects. However, in all cases of section 10.3 as well as in
good or service to remedy the defect of title, or take back
all cases of liability for damages caused intentionally or by
such delivery or service with refunding of the sales price
gross negligence, the Customer's claims and rights shall be
previously paid to ZEISS less a certain deduction to
governed exclusively by the statutory provisions.
account for the age of the delivery or service in question.
9.14 The limitation period for claims arising from defects shall be
11.2 Subject to section 10, the Customer shall have no further
one year for entrepreneurs and two years for consumers.
claims for infringements of industrial property rights. ZEISS
However, in all cases of section 10.3 as well as in all cases
shall have no obligations in accordance with section 11.1
of liability for damages caused intentionally or by gross
in case infringement of rights are caused by not using the
negligence, the limitation period shall be governed
delivered goods or services in the contractually defined
exclusively by the statutory provisions.
manner or by using them together with other deliveries or
10. Exclusion and limitation of liability services than those of ZEISS.
10.1 Without prejudice to the statutory liability requirements, 12. Disposal
ZEISS shall only be liable for damages and reimbursement
12.1 Customer is obliged to closely observe the documents
of expenses regardless of the legal grounds in the event of
accompanying the goods and to ensure the correct
intent or gross negligence without limitation and in the
disposal of the goods in accordance with the applicable
event of a slightly negligent breach of an essential
law.
contractual obligation (a contractual obligation whose
breach endangers the proper execution of the contract and 12.2 In case Customer is an entrepreneur, Customer shall be
the achievement of the purpose of the contract) limited to obliged to dispose the goods at its own costs. Customer
the typical contractual damage foreseeable at the time of shall be obliged to transfer this obligation on the purchaser
conclusion of the contract. of the goods or parts thereof in case of a resale of the
goods. In case the Customer is a consumer the statutory
10.2 For damages caused by delay ZEISS is liable, without
provisions regarding disposal of waste shall apply.
prejudice to the statutory liability requirements, in case of
slightly negligent violation of an essential contractual 13. Confidentiality and Data Protection
obligation only up to 5 % of the agreed purchase price.
13.1 Unless otherwise expressly stipulated in writing, no
10.3 The exclusions and limitations of liability in sections 10.1 information provided to ZEISS in connection with orders
and 10.2 shall also apply in the event of breaches of duty shall be regarded as confidential, unless their confidential
by persons whose fault ZEISS is responsible for. nature is obvious or expressly marked as confidential by
the Customer.
10.4 The exclusions and limitations of liability in sections 10.1 to
10.3 shall not apply in cases ZEISS fraudulently concealed
Version 2020 Page 3 of 4
General Terms and Conditions of Sale
13.2 ZEISS shall be entitled to process personal data of the
Customer and to transfer personal data to affiliated
companies of the ZEISS Group to the extent this is
necessary for the execution of the contract or provided that
the Customer has acknowledged the processing and
transfer of personal data. Any data subject is entitled to
request information regarding the content and use of the
personal data processed by ZEISS. Any request by a data
subject shall be addressed to the ZEISS Group company
using these Terms and Conditions of Sale and will be
handled in accordance with the applicable data protection
laws and regulations.
14. Miscellaneous
14.1 The place of jurisdiction, provided that Customer is a
merchant, a legal person under public law or a special fund
under public law, shall be the place of business of the
ZEISS Group company using these Terms and Conditions
of Sale. However, ZEISS may also take legal action against
Customer at Customer’s place of business.
14.2 Notice according to § 36 of the German Consumer Dispute
Resolution Act: (Verbraucherstreitbeilegungsgesetz or
VSGB): ZEISS will not take part in a dispute resolution
process in front of an alternative dispute resolution entity
according to VSBG and is not obliged to do so.
14.3 Governing law shall be the law of Germany with the
exclusion of the international conflict of laws provisions
thereof and with the exclusion of the United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods (CISG), provided that Customer is a merchant, a
legal person under public law or a special fund under public
law.
14.4 A written contract or written confirmation is decisive for the
existence and content of subsequent agreements,
amendments and supplements. The possibility of proof to
the contrary remains unaffected.
Version 2020 Page 4 of 4
