













Jotform Terms of Use




















































































































Sign Up for Free
My Workspace
Templates
TEMPLATES
Form Templates
Card Form Templates
App Templates
Store Builder Templates
Table Templates
Workflow Templates
PDF Templates
Sign Templates
AI Agent Templates
Board Templates
Integrations
INTEGRATIONS
FEATURED INTEGRATIONS
Microsoft Teams
PayPal
Slack
Google Sheets
Mailchimp
Zoom
Dropbox
Google Calendar
Salesforce
Canva
See more
CRM
CRM
Salesforce
Hubspot
Zoho CRM
Active Campaign
Pipedrive
Zendesk
Insightly
Keap
EngageBay
See more
Storage
STORAGE
Google Drive
Dropbox
OneDrive
Box
Egnyte
FTP
Galleria
See more
Payment
PAYMENT
Square
PayPal
Stripe
Authorize.Net
Apple Pay & Google Pay
Paysafe
Mollie
Venmo
See more
Email
EMAIL
Constant Contact
Mailchimp
ActiveCampaign
AWeber
Campaign Monitor
GetResponse
Google Contacts
iContact
See more
Automations
AUTOMATIONS
Microsoft Power Automate
Webhooks
Make
Zapier
IFTTT
ChatGPT
Unito
Pabbly Connect
Tray.io
Omnisend
See more
See 100+ integrations
Products
PRODUCTS
Form Builder
Jotform Enterprise
Jotform Apps
Store Builder
Jotform Tables
Jotform Inbox
Jotform Mobile App
Report Builder
Smart PDF Forms
PDF Editor
Jotform Sign
Jotform Workflows
Jotform for Salesforce
Jotform Boards
Jotform AI Agents
Discover Now
FEATURES
Jotform Teams
Enterprise Mobile
Prefill Forms
HIPAA Forms
Secure Forms
Assign Forms
Online Payments
Widgets
See more features
Support
GET HELP
Contact Support
Help Center
FAQ
LEARN
User Guide
Jotform Books
Blog
Videos
Jotform Academy
Customer Stories
Podcasts
Dedicated
 Support
Get a dedicated support team with Jotform Enterprise.
Contact Sales
Professional Services
Explore
Enterprise
Pricing
Login
Sign Up for Free






































Table of Contents










Who May Use the Platform / Subscriptions






Things You May Not Do Regarding the Platform






Forms and Submissions






Account Creation & Security






Payments, Renewals, etc






Use of Data






AI






Term and Termination






No Warranties






Indemnification






Limitation of Liability  






Limitation on Types of Damages






Other Provisions






Questions


















Home






Open or Close


































Who May Use the Platform / Subscriptions






Things You May Not Do Regarding the Platform






Forms and Submissions






Account Creation & Security






Payments, Renewals, etc






Use of Data






AI






Term and Termination






No Warranties






Indemnification






Limitation of Liability  






Limitation on Types of Damages






Other Provisions






Questions














Terms of Use


These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to all Starter, Bronze, Silver, and Gold 
users
 of the Jotform form-building platform (the “Platform”), and to all parties who visit the Jotform website (“Website”) at www.jotform.com. As used in these Terms, “You” and “you” includes all such parties, whether they are acting on their own behalf, or  on behalf of or as part of a company or other entity.


By visiting the Website or using the Platform, you are representing and affirming that you have read, understand, and agreed that you are bound by these Terms, and of legal age to accept and agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not permitted to use the Jotform Platform.


The terms “we”, “us” and “our” used below refer to Jotform.


If you are an enterprise user or you obtained a subscription or right to use the Platform from a third party authorized to do so by Jotform, these terms do not apply to you. 


1. Who May Use the Platform / Subscriptions


Except for our free Starter version of the Jotform Platform, your right to use the Platform depends on you timely paying the required fees. Bronze, Silver and Gold users obtain a subscription to use the Platform once they pay; free/Starter users obtain no subscription but may still use the Platform. All users must comply with these terms.


You agree to use the Platform only as permitted in these Terms. 


2. Use Restrictions


You accept and assume sole responsibility for your use of the Platform.


You may not share your log-in info/credentials or otherwise allow anyone else to use them to access the Platform.


You agree that you will always comply with all applicable laws in connection with your use of the Platform. This means not violating any applicable law, legal right or protection, including but not limited to third parties’ privacy rights and intellectual property rights.


The Platform may NOT be used for, or in connection with any of the following, any or all of which may result in your account being temporarily suspended or permanently terminated, at our sole discretion:




Email solicitation, Mass Emailing, Spamming, Phishing, and the like


Violating anyone’s privacy rights


Financial/monetary fraud or schemes


Computer fraud or other computer crimes


Defamation, discrimination, or harassment


Funding, encouraging, or facilitating any criminal or other illegal activities


Promoting, encouraging, or requesting any form of violence or harm to anyone


Collecting credit card information or third parties’ log-in credentials for other sites or platforms


Collecting highly sensitive personal information such as social security numbers, national ID cards or numbers, and the like, without what we deem to be a valid reason for doing so


Selling, renting, leasing, or otherwise disclosing or providing personal information collected in your forms to third parties


Forms that include fields for the submitter to provide the personal information of any third party where the submitter does not have the permission of the third party to provide such information


Promoting your or other third-party product(s) or service(s) on our platform or website


Promoting products or services on social media platforms or other websites where such actions violate the terms of use or community guidelines of such platforms or websites 


Money-making or other schemes involving legal, medical, or other professional services


Including a third party’s copyrighted or trademarked content or trade secrets in your form(s) without that party’s permission


Encouraging violence, bullying, or harm to others


Gathering, collecting, or asking for or suggesting that form submitters provide pornographic or sexually explicit content, or promoting or encouraging prostitution or other activities involving the exchange of sexual services as part of any transaction


Any other activity prohibited under these Terms or under applicable law






You agree that we have the absolute and unconditional right to remove any form that we in our sole discretion believe is being used or may be used in connection with any of the above prohibited purposes or activities, whether such use is by you or others such as form submitters who may use your forms. In cases where we remove a form, we may at our sole discretion also disable your access to any past or future submissions to such forms.


You and your agents hereby forever release Jotform from any and all responsibility for any and all wrongs and violations of our terms or of the law committed by you relating to your use of the Platform.


You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, reverse engineer, copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purposes the Platform or any portion thereof or the offer or sell the right to use the Platform.


You agree that, if in our sole discretion we determine that your forms are collecting or intend to collect highly sensitive information, we may disable the forms and ask you for information of whatever nature we deem appropriate in order to determine whether you appear to have a valid reason for collecting such information, and that if we are not satisfied after that review that you do have a valid reason, the forms will remain disabled.


3. Forms and Submissions


You accept and have sole responsibility for the forms, tables, submission pages, and other content that you create or that is generated as you use the Platform. When you make such content “public”, or set your account settings to allow the content to become public, or you don’t change a default setting that would allow a form, a table or other content that is generated as you use the Platform to be made public, you acknowledge and agree that the content will in fact be available to the public on our websites. By allowing such content to become public, you grant Jotform a worldwide and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform, and publicly display such content on our websites. Of course, you may choose to apply settings to your account to make or keep forms private. 


You agree that you will not assert any copyright claim or other intellectual property claims or rights in forms you build or create using the Platform against Jotform, and that you waive any such legal claims against Jotform relating to such forms. This includes whole forms and parts of such forms. You acknowledge and agree that Jotform may display your forms on our websites and platforms, and that we may use your forms for the purposes of improving the form builder, for learning about how you and other people use, build, and create and submit forms, for teaching our staff, systems, and products about such matters, and for other purposes.


4. Account Creation & Security


You must provide a valid email address and any other information requested in order to fully complete the signup process and create a login. You may only create a separate login for as many Users as your current Jotform plan allows. The sharing of your Jotform Account login credentials is strictly prohibited. You are responsible for maintaining the security of each User’s account, username and password and for ensuring that each User associated with your Jotform Account complies with these Terms. You may not access the Jotform Platform through automated methods, such as using bots or computer code to call or ping the Platform or our website. If you require a multi-user plan, please 
contact Jotform Enterprise
 for assistance.


5. Payments, Renewals, etc


A
.
 Payments
. We charge sales taxes on subscriptions where we are required to do so under applicable law. No other taxes will be charged. You are responsible for payment of any and all taxes, levies, and duties, including any sale or value-added taxes and similar taxes and duties, that may be imposed on you by any governing authority in any jurisdiction in connection with your subscription.


Jotform offers payments through third-party payment processors. By making payments to us for Jotform services, you indicate that you have reviewed these Terms and the privacy policy of the payment processor that processes your payment to us.


If you use a credit card to pay for your Jotform subscription, you represent and warrant that the credit card information you provide is correct and that you will promptly notify us of any changes to such credit card information. You agree that if your credit card payment cannot be processed for any reason, Jotform may suspend or cancel your Jotform subscription.


B
.
 Automatic Renewal
. For subscriptions, you will be billed in advance on a recurring, periodic basis. Your Jotform subscription will automatically renew at the end of each billing cycle until you cancel your subscription or you downgrade to a free/Starter plan – see 
this page
 and the Billing section in your Account Settings. You may also send us a request to downgrade to the Starter plan 
here
. Turning off auto-renew prevents your payment method from being charged at your next billing date, or if you pay by invoice, prevents your next invoice from being issued.


C
.
 Upgrades/Downgrades.
 Upgrading your plan, such as going from a free Starter plan to a Bronze plan, or from Bronze to Silver or Silver to Gold, will add or increase things like the included/allowed number of included forms, submissions, available space, storage, etc. Downgrading your plan will, as of your next billing date, result in a decrease of some or all of those elements and may cause you to lose forms and submissions. You can delete your account entirely by clicking “Delete My Account” on your Account Settings page.


D
.
 30 Day Money Back Policy.
 If for any reason you cancel your account within 30 days of your payment made directly to Jotform, you may request and receive a refund by submitting a request to the 
Jotform Support Team
. Refunds for reasons other than account cancellation within the 30 days are at Jotform’s sole discretion. Refunds are not available for fees/charges for add-ons such as AI agent phone numbers and the like. If you purchased your Jotform subscription through the Google Play app or website, see 
this page
 for how to submit your refund request to Google.


Subscriptions purchased via the Apple App Store are subject to the Apple App Store refund policies – Jotform cannot refund payment(s) you made to Apple. To request a refund, please review Apple’s refund process: 
https://support.apple.com/HT204084
.


6. Use of Data


You accept and agree that you have sole responsibility for the information, data, and content (collectively “Data”) you receive or collect from or in the forms that you create or use in connection with the Platform, and for what you do with that Data. You agree that Jotform is not responsible for and does not own any of that Data.


You hereby authorize us to access, use and display Data for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide the Platform to you, customer support to you, to protect the Data, to protect our online and computer resources from unlawful cyberattacks, and to fulfill our legal obligations. 


See our 
privacy policy
 for more info on how we gather, use, and disclose personal and private information to which we are given access in connection with our provision and operation of the Platform – including your personal information. We will not modify Data or your personal info, or sell or rent it to any other party.


If you collect personal data in or from the EU or EU residents, you must use the EU Safe Forms feature of Jotform Platform.


7. AI


These Terms of Use include and incorporate the AI Terms of Use 
here
. Do not use any AI or AI functionality on our Platform or websites unless you agree to those terms.


8. Term and Termination


You are permitted to use the Platform for the period of time for which you have paid us the required fees to use the Platform. You agree that we may immediately and permanently shut off your access to the Platform if you materially breach any provision of this Agreement.


9. No Warranties


THE SERVICES AND AI FUNCTIONALITY (SEE SECTION 7 FOR THE LINK TO THE AI TERMS) ARE PROVIDED AS-IS. JOTFORM DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.


Jotform is not liable for any loss or damage from your (or your Users’) failure to comply with these Terms. You are solely responsible for all Data posted to your account, for all AI Input and AI Functionality you create (again, see the AI terms) , and for Data you collect from form submissions, whether or not you personally posted, gathered, or received the Data.


Jotform makes no warranties, representations, or assurances as to the actual qualifications of, or as to the work or advice of, any individual who (a) has obtained a certificate from Jotform Academy, or (b) claims to be able to help you with AI Functionality or any other aspect of our Platform. If you choose to utilize or rely on any such person or entity, you do so at your own risk.


10. Indemnification


You agree that you will defend Jotform against claims, including but not limited to lawsuits, brought by third parties against Jotform arising out of your forms or your use of the Platform or your use, collection, or disclosure of Data, or your use of any AI Functionality or any Input or Output related thereto (see the link to the AI terms of use in Section 7 above); this includes but is not limited to claims that arise from your violation of these Terms or of the law or of another person or entity’s legal rights or privacy rights or intellectual property rights such as copyright, trademark, or patent rights. You also agree to indemnify Jotform against damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) awarded  by a court or other tribunal in favor of the claimant or in settlement of the claim. We will defend and indemnify you against third party lawsuits arising out of Jotform’s violation of applicable law, and we reserve the right to settle such claims out of court, at our expense, without your approval.


11. Limitation of Liability  


EXCEPT AS IMPERMISSIBLE UNDER LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL JOTFORM’S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING WHEN THE CLAIM AROSE.


JOTFORM ACCEPTS NO LIABILITY FOR THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY YOU ENGAGE OR WORK WITH TO ASSIST OR HELP YOU WITH YOUR USE OF OUR PLATFORM OR FORMS.


“JOTFORM” AS USED IN THIS SECTION 11 REFERS TO JOTFORM AND ALL OF ITS RELATED AND AFFILIATED JOTFORM COMPANIES.


12. Limitation on Types of Damages


EXCEPT IF AND TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY OR ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING AT COMMON LAW OR BY STATUTE: DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST TIME, LOST BUSINESS, OR LOST REVENUES, REIMBURSEMENT OF MONIES PAID BY YOU TO THIRD PARTIES TO HELP YOU USE OR LEARN TO USE THE PLATFORM OR TO DEAL WITH REAL OR PERCEIVED ISSUES WITH THE PLATFORM, OR ANY FUNCTIONALITY PROVIDED IN OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM, FOR ANY FORM OF COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR ANY FUNCTIONALITY PROVIDED IN OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING FROM SUCH USE, EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED US OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING.


THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 12 SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY ON WHICH CLAIMS ARE BROUGHT.


13. Other Provisions


A. Modifications To the Platform.
 Jotform reserves the right to modify the Platform and any functionality provided in or through the Platform, and to stop offering such things for your use, with or without notice to you. We always endeavor to improve our products and services, but we do not warrant or guarantee that any of them or any particular features or functionality will always be available during the term of your subscription. Jotform shall not be liable to you or any third party for any such modifications or changes.


B. Email Delivery of Submissions. 
When a third party submits one of Your forms, by default we will send you an email notification to the email address we have on file for you. Due to issues with the internet and your connection to it and the like, we cannot guarantee your actual receipt of such notifications. We recommend installing Jotform mobile apps for iPhone, Apple Watch, or Android, and checking your account daily to make sure You do not miss any such notifications.


C. Additional Warranty Disclaimer. 
Jotform makes no warranty that the Platform or any aspect thereof, or anything you create or use in connection therewith, will be available 100% of the time or that they will be error free. You are solely responsible for any issues, problems, or damage you experience because of a mistake or error you make in connection with using the Platform and any aspect thereof.


D. Other Email Communications.
 By giving your email address to Jotform, you agree to receive occasional administrative, announcements, newsletters, sales, and marketing emails from Jotform. You can opt out from these emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the end of the emails.


E. Trademarks / Use of Jotform Links
. You may not use or display the Jotform trademark or logo without our written permission. If you include a link to a Jotform website in your form(s): (a) the link(s) must not suggest or otherwise create the false appearance that Jotform is affiliated with any person, entity, or product, or suggest that Jotform otherwise endorses, sponsors or is affiliated with any such thing; (b) the appearance, position and other aspects of any Jotform links may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the Jotform name and trademarks; (c) all links to our websites must “point” to the URL “www.jotform.com” and not to other pages within the Website; and (d) all links to the our websites, when clicked on from your form(s), must not display the website within a “frame” on the linking website, or any other website.


F. Assignment. 
You may not assign any or all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Jotform. If we do give our consent, you agree to ensure that the assignee agrees in writing to the terms of this Agreement. 


G. Relationship of the parties; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
 The parties hereto are independent entities. Nothing in this Agreement or any attachment hereto creates or will create any partnership, joint venture, agency, franchise, or employment relationship between the parties. There are no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement other than as explicitly set forth in the AI Terms (see Section 7 above).


H. Choice of Law. 
Subject to Section 13R below, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law provisions, and of the United States if the issue is federal in nature. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to this Agreement. 


I. Disputes / Arbitration. 
The parties agree that all disputes between them shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration before a single neutral arbitrator under the auspices of JAMS (www.jamsadr.com), in San Francisco, CA, or at another JAMS office location if ordered by JAMS or a court of competent jurisdiction; or under the auspices of the ICC (International Court of Arbitration) if the arbitration is filed outside the US in a country in which ICC has offices. Each party shall be entitled to take one deposition of the other party, conducted on a single day, lasting no more than eight hours. Each party shall be entitled to propound one set of document demands to the other party, consisting of no more than ten categories of documents, with no sub-parts. No other forms of discovery shall be allowed. The arbitrator shall give a written opinion stating the factual basis and legal reasoning for their decision. An arbitration award shall be enforceable in a court of competent jurisdiction. The parties agree that neither of them shall make a claim or demand in any arbitration between them for (a) any form of injunctive relief or for the defense or indemnification or holding harmless of a party, or (b) any amount or type of damages that would conflict with Sections 11 or 12 of these Terms, nor shall the arbitrator have the authority to award any such damages. In the event that a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction determines or rules that the dispute shall be decided in court rather than through arbitration, and for all non-arbitrable disputes, THE PARTIES HEREBY VOLUNTARILY WAIVE A TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS, CAUSES OF ACTION, AND DEFENSES. 


J. Limitations Period
. The parties agree that no claim shall be initiated or filed against the other party more than one year after the cause of action arises. 


K. Manner of Giving Notice. 
Notices regarding this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to us to legal@jotform.com. 


L. Force Majeure
. Jotform shall not be liable to you for any delay or failure to perform hereunder (excluding payment obligations which may be delayed but not excused) due to circumstances our party’s reasonable control, including acts of God, acts of government, pandemic, flood, fire, earthquakes, civil unrest, acts of terror, labor strikes, service disruptions involving hardware, software or power systems not within such party’s reasonable control, and denial of service attacks.


M. Entire Agreement. 
This Agreement, together with the Attachments hereto, represents the entire agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter thereof and is intended to be the final expression of their parties’ agreement and intent. This Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals, and representations, whether written or oral. The parties agree that any terms or conditions stated or referenced in or on a document or documents other than this Agreement that contradict this Agreement are null and void. No amendment, addendum, or other document the intent of which is to add to or otherwise modify the Agreement, or waiver of any provision of the Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. 


N. Severability; Construing; Counterparts.
 If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions shall remain in effect. The parties expressly agree that this Agreement shall not be construed against either party as the drafter. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts.  


O. Effect of Termination
. Upon the expiration of your subscription, or termination of this Agreement for any reason, you agree to cease all access to and use of the Jotform Platform. Any termination will not affect your obligations to us under this Agreement (including, without limitation, payments, ownership, indemnification and limitation of liability) which are intended to survive such suspension or termination. We will be entitled to discontinue the hosting of your forms and Data, and to delete Data pursuant to our internal policies.


P. Modifications To Terms.
 Jotform may, in its sole and absolute discretion, modify these Terms from time to time. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Jotform Platform. Continued use of the Jotform Platform following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.


Q
. 
Links
. You acknowledge, understand, and agree that Jotform does not endorse or bear any responsibility for any third party’s website, product, or service that we mention or link to on our website or in connection with the Platform.


R
. 
Contracting Entity / Court Jurisdiction
. If you are located in any of the following countries or territories, (i) the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Pty Ltd (Australia), located at Unit 15, 11-12 Underwood Road, Homebush, NSW 2140, Australia: Afghanistan, Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, China, Hong Kong, China, Macao, China, Cook Islands, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Japan, Kiribati, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Malaysia, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Mongolia, Myanmar, Nauru, Nepal, New Zealand, Pakistan, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Timor Leste, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Vietnam, Johnston Island, Kingman Reef, Midway, Palmyra, Wake Island; and (ii) the laws of Australia apply to you.


If you are located in any of the following countries or territories, (i) the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Canada Inc., located at 1600-925 West Georgia Street Vancouver, BC V6C 3L2, Canada: Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Bolivia, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba, Brazil, British Virgin Islands, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Falkland Islands (Malvinas), French Guiana, Greenland, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Martinique, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Saint Martin, Sint Maarten, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname, Tokelau; and (ii) the laws of Canada, and of the province in which you reside, apply to you.


If you are located in the United States or American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the US Virgin Islands, the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Inc., located at 4 Embarcadero Center, Suite 780, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA, and the laws of California, United States, apply to you.


If you are located in any country or territory not listed above, the contracting Jotform entity is Jotform Ltd, located at 3 Albert Mews, Albert Road, London, N4 3RD, UK, company number 12668839, and the laws of the United Kingdom and Wales apply to you.


In these terms, references to “Jotform”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are references to the applicable Jotform contracting entity, as set forth above.


S
. 
No Waiver / Headings / Survival of Terms
. The failure of Jotform to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, you nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the intentions of Jotform and you as reflected in the provision, and that the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. 


Sections 2, 3, and 5-13 of these Terms shall survive and continue to apply notwithstanding a termination or expiration of your subscription or your access or use of the Platform.


T
.
 Third Party Vendors.
 If, in your use of the Platform or any aspect thereof, you enable or use services or functionality from third parties not affiliated with Jotform, such as integrations or AI Functionality, you are giving your consent to the Platform and the third party provider performing all actions deemed necessary for the performance of service including but not exclusive to implementing vendor integration services into a live production environment without any additional authorization by you. Jotform makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any such products, services, functionality, or merchandise provided by Third Party Vendors.


U. Privacy / Tracking.
 By visiting the Website and/or using the Platform, you acknowledge that, as stated in our Privacy Policy at 
www.jotform.com/privacy
, and in our Cookie Policy at 
www.jotform.com/cookie-policy/
, we use tracking cookies and similar technologies to better understand visitor and user behavior, and you waive any and all claims against us arising out of our use of those technologies.


Questions


If you have any questions about this terms of use, please feel free to 
contact us
.
For enterprise inquiries, custom plans, or any specific needs beyond the standard offerings, please 
contact Jotform Enterprise
.





Revision August 12, 2025
























 






















Jotform
Create a Form
My Workspace
Pricing
Jotform Enterprise
Examples
Popular Forms
Application Forms
Registration Forms
Contact Forms
Feedback Forms
Order Forms
Evaluation Forms
Reservation Forms
Booking Forms
Request Forms
Popular Uses
Government
Healthcare
Summer Camps
Restaurants and Groceries
Churches
Animal Shelters
Photography
Education Professionals
Small Businesses
Nonprofit Organizations
Creative Agencies
User Stories
Business Guides
How to Create a Survey
Data Collection Methods
Form Design
Accepting payments online
Creating an app without coding
What Is a QR Code?
How to Make a Website
How to Sell Online
Performance Appraisal Guide
Working From Home
All Business Guides
Products
Jotform Form Builder
Instagram Agents
 
NEW
Jotform Appointments
Jotform Apps
Jotform AI Agents
Jotform Boards
Jotform Store Builder
Jotform Tables
Jotform Inbox
Jotform Mobile Forms
Jotform Workflows
Jotform Report Builder
Jotform Smart PDF Forms
Jotform PDF Editor
Jotform Sign
Features
Jotform Teams
Conditional Logic
Conversational Forms
Assign Forms
Translate Forms
White Labeling
Enable-Disable Form
Multiple Users
Tools
AI Tools
Alternatives
Google Forms Alternative
Microsoft Forms Alternative
Typeform Alternative
Formstack Alternative
SurveyMonkey Alternatives
Wufoo Alternatives
123FormBuilder Alternative
WPForms Alternatives
Paperform Alternatives
Adobe Sign Alternatives
PandaDoc Alternatives
Docusign Alternatives
Jotform Alternatives
Marketplace
Templates
Form Templates
Agent Templates
Board Templates
App Templates
Workflow Templates
Table Templates
PDF Templates
Sign Templates
Form Themes
Form Widgets
Integrations
Payment Integrations
All Integrations
Jotform for Canva
Support
Contact Us
User Guide
Help
FAQ
Forum
API and Developers
Jotform Status
Jotform Books
Jotform Academy
Webinars
Podcasts
Professional Services
Report Abuse
Report Copyright Issue
Recover Jotform Account
Company
About Us
Media Kit
In the News
Newsletters
Partnerships
Agency Program
 
NEW
Reseller Program
Affiliate Program
Jotform Partners
Blog
Customer Stories
Apps
















































































































































4 Embarcadero Center, Suite 780, San Francisco CA 94111
© 2025 Jotform Inc. The name "Jotform" and the Jotform logo are registered trademarks of Jotform Inc.
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Português
Deutsch
Türkçe
Nederlands
Svenska - Beta
Norsk - Beta
Suomi
Polski
Pусский - Beta
日本語
български
Српски
ქართველი
Indonesian
العربية
한국어
繁體中文 - Beta
Afrikaans - Beta
Hebrew - Beta
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
Accessibility Statement





































































































