













































Sample Terms and Conditions Template - Privacy Policy Generator




























Privacy Policy Generator








Toggle navigation






















Start Privacy Policy Generator






Resources 












Privacy Policy Is Required by Law






Privacy Policy Template






GDPR Privacy Policy Template






CCPA Privacy Policy Template






Return & Refund Policy Template






Shipping Policy Template






iOS Privacy Policy Template






Android Privacy Policy Template






Ecommerce Privacy Policy Template






Terms and Conditions Template






Ecommerce Terms and Conditions Template






Sample GDPR Data Processing Agreement Template






Sample Service Legal Agreement (SLA) Template






Sample Impressum Template






Sample SaaS Privacy Policy Template






Sample SaaS EULA Template






Sample Acceptable Use Policy Template






SaaS Acceptable Use Policy






U.S. State Privacy Laws






Czech Republic and GDPR






CCPA Consumer Notices






CCPA Employee Notices






CCPA Private Right Action






CCPA Cookies






Privacy Policy for Social Login Buttons






Privacy Policy for Sign In With Twitter Button






Privacy Policy for Sign In With Google Button






Privacy Policy for Sign In With Facebook Button






Privacy Policy for Sign In With Amazon Button






Privacy Policy for Landing Pages






Getting Consent for Your SaaS App






Terms for Subscriptions, Auto-Renewals and Payments






SaaS in the US vs UK






Japan Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI)






Sample FTC Disclosures






Privacy Policy for WordPress






Privacy Policy for Pinterest Advertising






Privacy Policy for Weebly






Legal Policies for Digital Products






Legal Policies for Online Sales (Selling)






Opt In vs Opt Out






Terms & Conditions for Marketplaces






GDPR Record-Keeping for Data Processing Activities






EU Data Governance Act






Nevada Privacy Laws






California Data Security Breach Reporting Requirements






Privacy Policy vs Privacy Notice vs Privacy Statement






Tracking Cookies & the First Party vs Third Party Cookies






Best Privacy Policy Generators






EU Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) for E-commerce Stores






Don't Copy Terms From Other Apps






How to Comply With CAN-SPAM






Google Consent Mode vs Google Additional Consent






Earnings Disclaimer






UK Earnings Disclaimer






Return and Refund Laws in the EU






EULA for Android






Privacy Policy for Individuals






Impact of GDPR






Personal Information vs Sensitive Information






SaaS Agreement






Canada Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL)






Legal Documents for Google Services






Legal Documents for Mobile Games






Differences Between Common Legal Agreements






Languages & Translations for Privacy Policy






Software Licensing: Proprietary vs Free






How Long We Keep Your Information Clause






How Long We Keep Your Information Clause






Delaware Online Privacy and Protection Act (DOPPA)






Clickwrap in the EU






Does a Nonprofit Need a Privacy Policy on Their Website?














Privacy Policy for No Data Collection






How to Write Privacy Policy






How to Write Terms and Conditions






Where to Place a Privacy Policy






Where to Place EULA






"What are Your Privacy Rights" Clause in Privacy Policy






"I Agree" Checkbox for Privacy Policy






Cookies Clauses in a Privacy Policy






Disclaimers for Websites and Apps






CCPA






GDPR






GDPR Applies To






PIPEDA






DMCA






HIPAA






GDPR Readiness Checklist






Terms and Conditions for Mobile Apps






No Return No Refund Policy






Browsewrap vs Clickwrap






GDPR Consent






"Use of Cookies" clause in a Privacy Policy






Dark Patterns






Standard Contractul Clauses (SCCs)






India IT Act of 2000 (Information Technology Act)






Terms of Service (ToS) for Facebook Pages & Apps






GDPR Fines






GDPR for SaaS






Do Not Hide Terms and Conditions






Apple Custom License Agreement (EULA)






Cookies in Privacy Policy






Legal Pages for Your Website






SaaS Terms and Conditions & SaaS Privacy Policy






ePrivacy Regulation






EU Cookies Directive






GDPR Territorial Applicability






Terms & Conditions for Memberships






Retail Store Policies






Privacy Policy for reCAPTCHA






Sample User Agreement Template






Refund Policy for SaaS






Sample Privacy Policy for EU (Europe)






Sample Privacy Policy for US (United States)






Sample Privacy Policy for Australia






Sample Privacy Policy for Canada






Data Protection Officer (DPO)






Marketplaces Legal Agreements & Policies






Email Marketing Legal Agreements & Policies






Intellectual Property in Terms & Conditions






Survey Disclaimer






Refund Policy for Digital Products






Consent for Legal Agreements






CIPM Data Privacy Certification






CIPP Data Privacy Certification






California Delete Act






Privacy Policy for Travel Websites






Why Your Privacy Policy Needs to Mirror Your Privacy Practices






Privacy Policy for Browser Extensions






COPPA Privacy Policy Template






Using Biometric Data in Louisiana






What Makes a Good Privacy Policy






Money back guarantee






Privacy Policy for Google Ads Remarketing






Terms & Conditions for User-Generated Content






What Should a Terms and Conditions Agreement Include?






GDPR Compliance Guide






Consent for Google Ads Personalization






Privacy Policy for Subscription Plans






Saudi Arabia Personal Data Protection Law (PDPL)






Rhode Island Data Transparency and Privacy Protection Act (DTPPA)






Privacy Policy for Chrome Extensions






How to License Software






Choice of Law in Cross-Border Operations






What's an Opt-out Policy






What is a Terms & Conditions (T&C) Agreement: Definition






Cost of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy






Social Media Disclaimers






Privacy Policy for User Comments






































Sample Terms and Conditions Template


It's likely that every website, blog, mobile app and ecommerce store has a Terms and Conditions agreement posted, and for good reasons.


The Terms and Conditions agreement explains appropriate and allowed use of the website or app, what users can and can't do on the site, what user rights are, and what information legally belongs to the company. In order to use the product or service, you must agree to abide by its Terms and Conditions.


Here, we'll take a closer look at what a Terms and Conditions agreement is and why it's important to have one for your online business.


By the time you're finished reading this article, you'll have a better understanding of the different clauses that should be considered when creating your Terms and Conditions agreement, why they're important, and how different businesses display Terms and Conditions on their sites.


Understanding a Terms and Conditions Agreement




A Terms and Conditions agreement (also known as a Terms of Use or Terms of Service agreement) is 
a legally enforceable agreement that lays out the rules users must abide by in order to use a website, mobile app, or service
.


After a user agrees to the Terms and Conditions, both the company and the user are in a position to enforce the terms of the agreement. The company can do so by refusing their service to customers who fail to comply with the agreement. Customers can file a lawsuit if they're able to prove a breach in the Terms and Conditions they agreed to.


Typically, a Terms and Conditions agreement will contain sections and clauses that define and clarify key terminology and phrases, the end user's rights and responsibilities, disclaimers, and information on how the user will be notified if the Terms and Conditions are modified. 


For example, 
GitHub's
 Terms of Service page has a section on the 
definition
 of the terms used throughout the agreement.




Generally speaking, there are 
six main types of clauses
 that companies include in the 
end user's rights and responsibilities
 section of their Terms and Conditions agreement:




Expected usage of service
 - This clause defines how the end user is expected to use the service. In some cases, it also details what 
misuse
 of service means.


Accountability for actions
 - How will the end user be held accountable for their behavior and actions in the event of misuse?


Privacy Policy
 - It can also include a clause linking to or briefly describing the company's Privacy Policy agreement.


Payment details
 - The payment details section describes everything related to payments such as how the end user will be charged for the service, explanation of the subscription model and fee structure, etc.


Opt-out policy
 - If an end-user 
wants to opt out of the service or a value-added service
, what is the process for doing so? What rules surround account termination and what is the procedure that needs to be followed?


Information on arbitration
 - An explanation of the 
dispute resolution
 process and what needs to be considered before either party can take a claim to court.




YouTube's
 Terms of Service page details the 
General Use of the Service - Permissions and Restrictions
, which explains that the end users can access and use YouTube's services as long as they 
agree to follow certain rules
.




We'll look at these clauses in more detail in the following sections. What's important, however, is that a Terms and Conditions agreement allows you to 
protect your business by allowing you to establish your legal rights in writing
.


Why Terms and Conditions Agreements are Useful




It's worth noting that, unlike a Privacy Policy agreement, having a Terms and Conditions agreement on your website or mobile app is 
not required by law
.


That said, having a Terms and Conditions agreement in place is highly encouraged and recommended because 
it's in the interest of your company to limit your liability and minimize potential misuse of your services
. 


Simply put, without a Terms and Conditions agreement you would have no way of legally defining or enforcing how people can use the services you're offering, or what they can and cannot do with them.


With a Terms and Conditions agreement in place, business owners can rest assured that their customers and clients won't violate the terms of the agreement. In the event that they do, the rules should clearly define the procedure that will be followed.


Let's look at an example. If, for instance, you are running a private forum and don't want your site's users to be posting content that's in violation of copyright law, you could include a clause in your Terms of Conditions agreement that states the procedure you've adopted if a user posts content that violates copyright law. You might temporarily suspend the account or even terminate it, for example.


Terms and Conditions are useful for most websites - 
especially those with some sort of login or registration requirement and those operating in the e-commerce space
. 


Here are a few more reasons why it's a good idea to establish rules and guidelines in your Terms and Conditions:


1. You Can Define Rights and Ownership


First and foremost, the rules you specify in your Terms and Conditions agreement can help you protect your business 
by making sure there isn't any form of uncertainty or confusion between you and your customers
. They allow both parties of the agreement to understand their rights and responsibilities.


In addition to this, a Terms and Conditions agreement gives you the opportunity to declare which content belongs to you.


For instance, as the owner of a web application, you would want to state that the site's branding elements, design, content, and web application software belong to you and are protected by copyright law.


2. You Can Limit Your Own Liability


Another reason a Terms of Conditions agreement is useful is that 
it lets you legally limit your liability
 in cases where, for example, your content isn't accurate or your services become unavailable.


The purpose of this clause is to let your customers know that you cannot be held responsible in case of any potential liability issues pertaining to the customer's privacy, auto-renewal of subscription fees, unauthorized screen/data scraping or other mishaps.


3. You Can Establish the Governing Law


Suppose you run an online store for a business that's registered in California but caters to a global audience. If a customer in the United Kingdom wants to file a lawsuit against you, would the laws of the United Kingdom apply or would the laws of the United States and the laws of the State of California be applicable?


Including a governing law clause in your Terms and Conditions agreement clearly states 
which laws will apply in the event of any legal disputes
.


Some companies - especially those with more geographic reach - define multiple governing laws for users based in different locations. This is incredibly important and, therefore, should be carefully considered because one country's law is often considerably different from another's.


Useful Clauses in a Terms and Conditions Agreement




In principle, a Terms and Conditions agreement lays out the rules that define how customers and clients can use your services, web application, or mobile application. Those rules, when added to the agreement, become clauses. 


Here are some examples of clauses that are useful to add to a Terms and Conditions agreement:


Use of Website Clause


A 
use of website clause
 details what users can and cannot do on your website once they've agreed to use your services. In some cases, the use of a website clause is split into individual points that explain what users cannot do. These points attempt to cover all of the negative use case scenarios.


Here's a look at 
YouTube's
 Terms of Service again:




See how each sub-clause starts with 
You agree not to...
? Instead of telling visitors how they can use YouTube, it details everything they can't do instead.


Termination Clause


The 
use of website
 clause is an important part of the Terms and Conditions agreement because it defines the rules. The termination clause is important because it defines the consequences.


In the termination clause, you should list the activities or scenarios that would lead to account termination or website access termination. For example, you could inform customers that their accounts could be temporarily or permanently terminated if they fail to abide by the terms, if they're involved in illegal schemes, or 
for any reason at your sole discretion
.


In its Terms of Service agreement, 
Quora
 states that users can close (disable) their accounts anytime they want to through their account's settings. It also states that the company may terminate accounts if users violate Quora policy or for any other reason.




User Submissions Clause


This next clause is specific to websites or apps that allow or encourage user-generated content, such as Instagram and Reddit.


Generally, user submission clauses begin with a listing of the different types of user-generated content that can be submitted. They also usually state that the company doesn't claim ownership to it. They also may inform users of what the company 
can
 do with user submissions. 


So, for instance, if you wanted to modify and use photos submitted to your website by your users for your own advertising purposes, you could do that if you include your right to do so in your Terms and Conditions agreement.


Vox's
 Terms of Use has a fairly long 
User Submissions
 section which informs subscribers and contributors about the company's rights and responsibilities when it comes to user-generated content.




Copyright Infringement Clause


If you encourage user-generated content on your website, it's highly recommended that you also include a copyright infringement clause. The purpose of the 
copyright infringement clause
 is to provide a way for your site's contributors and readers to report copyright infringement to you so you can take appropriate action.


This clause can contain information about how your company handles the copyright infringement notices, what information needs to be included in the notice, and an email and mailing address for where to send notices of infringement.


The copyright infringement clause is important in the United States, in particular, because of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Under this 
act
, you can be held liable for copyright infringement that occurs on your website, even if you weren't responsible for it.


For this reason, sometimes the copyright infringement clause is included under a DMCA section. 
Canva's
 Terms of Use page includes a long description of how copyright violations and copyright infringement reports are handled.




Disclaimer of Liability Clause


Whether you're offering services, hosting a web application, or selling digital/physical goods through your website, it's a good idea to include a clause that disclaims warranties and 
limits your liabilities
. The 
disclaimer of liabilities clause
 can keep your business from being held liable in case your website experiences downtime, becomes inaccessible or for a number of other potential reasons.


If you've ever read through a Terms and Conditions agreement, you might have noticed that the disclaimer of liabilities section is usually formatted in bold or in all caps font, making it stand out prominently. 


The Guardian's
 disclaimer of liability section covers the different situations for which they will not be held liable, including statements made in the content they publish, any loss that their readers experience, and the content published on sites they link to. 


In addition to this, they also say that they don't give any kind of a warranty that their website is virus-free. And, near the end, they mention that they 
do not guarantee uninterrupted access to the website and will not be held liable for any delay
.




Intellectual Property Rights Clause


Almost every online business should include an intellectual property rights clause in their Terms and Conditions agreement. The purpose of this clause is to prevent your visitors from unlawfully using or downloading your intellectual property.


This clause informs website visitors that the branding elements, trademarks, content, and media items created by the company are the 
company's property
 and are legally protected under copyright laws.


Business Insider UK's
 Terms of Use lists the different intellectual property (content, features, and functionality) that belongs to Business Insider. It also informs visitors about the company's rights, and lists what users cannot do with the company's intellectual property.




Governing Law Clause


As mentioned earlier, including a 
governing law clause
 (also called the applicable law) in your Terms and Conditions is important because it 
dictates which laws will apply in case any kind of legal issues surface
.


For example, 
Netflix
 has a one-line governing law clause in their Terms of Use page which says that their Terms of Use agreement will be governed by the laws of the Netherlands.




Amazon's
 Conditions of Use page states that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Washington will govern the agreement.




Examples of Terms and Conditions


If you're running an online business through a website (whether it's an online store, a site promoting services, or a web application),  it's important that you 
display your Terms and Conditions where it's easily accessible to your visitors
.


Traditionally, the Terms and Conditions page is linked from the website footer. You can also link to it from your site's navigation menu. This is common in mobile apps that don't have static footers like websites do. 


Here's how some popular websites display their Terms and Conditions agreements, as well as a list of clauses included in each agreement:


GitHub


GitHub
 has a sign-up form at the bottom of its homepage which links to the Terms of Service page from the fine print. 




GitHub's
 Terms are quite lengthy and include clauses that are important to GitHub and its users:




Definitions


Account Terms


Acceptable Use


User-Generated Content


Private Repositories


Copyright & DMCA Policy


Intellectual Property Notice


API Terms


Additional Terms for GitHub Pages


Additional Terms for GitHub Marketplace


Advertising on GitHub


Payment


Cancellation and Termination


Communications with GitHub


Disclaimer of Warranties


Limitation of Liability


Release and Indemnification


Changes to these Terms of Service


Miscellaneous




To help users navigate the Terms of Use without having to read through the entire agreement to find something specific, GitHub has provided a 
summary section
. This section includes a short sentence about what type of information each clause contains, as well as a link to the full clause if a reader wishes to find out more.




While this isn't required, it's a really nice formatting touch that your users will appreciate.


YouTube


YouTube
 links to its Terms page from the footer of its sidebar menu.




The Terms of Service agreement has a total of 14 clauses:




Your Acceptance


Service


YouTube Accounts


General Use of the Service - Permissions and Restrictions


Your Use of Content


Your Content and Conduct


Account Termination Policy


Digital Millennium Copyright Act


Warranty Disclaimer


Limitation of Liability


Indemnity


Ability to Accept Terms of Service


Assignment


General




Here's an example of how some of the clauses are formatted.




Quora


Quora's
 Terms of Service page is linked from the website's homepage, which also doubles as a login/registration form. 




The Terms of Service features 11 clauses:




The Mission of the Quora Platform


Using the Quora Platform


Your Content


Our Content and Materials


Integrated Service Provider


More About Certain Offerings on the Quora Platform


Reporting Violations of Your Intellectual Property Rights, Quora Policies, or Applicable Laws


Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability


Indemnification


Dispute Resolution


General Terms






As you can see, each of these websites has different clauses, formatting and structure for its Terms agreement. While different, each establishes strong liability protections for the company, while providing easy-to-access and easy-to-understand information their users need to know.


Having a Terms and Conditions agreement for your website isn't required by law, but it's 
highly recommended
 that you do. You'll be able to take advantage of the many benefits of having a Terms and Conditions, including but not limited to:




Defining 
rights
 and ownership


Limiting your own 
liability


Establishing the 
governing law


Maintaining 
control
 over your website/app


Protecting copyrighted material


Keeping your site users informed of your rights and theirs




Be sure to provide an easy-to-find link to your Terms and Conditions and structure it in a way your site users can easily read and understand.



























