













What Are the Terms and Conditions and When Are They Needed?




















































































































 




















































×


 




















English






English
                


Italiano
                


Deutsch
                


Español
                


Français
                


Português (BR)
                


Nederlands
                


Dansk
                


Português
                














Login


Sign up
































Primary menu
















Close navigation










Products






Back





                      Close navigation
                    










Products




















Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator


Create your self-updating privacy and cookie policy






















Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution


Collect cookie consent with a customizable banner






















Terms and Conditions Generator


Create T&Cs tailored for e-commerce, blogs, and more






















WayWidget


Make your website more accessible with an AI-powered widget






























Consent Database


Get a centralized source of truth for consent records through a flexible API






















Newsletter Opt-in Booster


Boost newsletter signups with a customizable widget






















Compliance Monitor


Identify compliance vulnerabilities and performance issues across your digital properties






















Register of Data Processing Activities


Document data processing activities within your organization






















Whistleblowing Management Tool


Establish an internal reporting channel for whistleblower reports






















Data Subject Rights Management Tool


Handle data subject requests through a centralized, intuitive platform














Find out your site’s compliance rate. Can you get to 100%?


Get your detailed compliance report and fix issues quickly with our auto-configuration wizard.
















Scan your site now




It’s quick, free, and informative










Docs


Live Chat


Stats














































Solutions







                    Back
                  





                      Close navigation
                    











                      Solutions
                    




















Agencies


Help your clients make their sites and apps compliant with iubenda






















Enterprise


Explore versatile, advanced compliance solutions and support options for larger organizations






















E-commerce


Stay aligned with global privacy regulations, build customer trust, and protect your business






















Publishers


Boost consent rates and ensure GDPR compliance with a Google-certified, IAB-validated CMP






















Advertisers


Fill data gaps in your marketing campaigns when users do not consent






















Apps


Meet major app store requirements and get your app online in a breeze














Streamline your compliance journey


Navigate the maze of online compliance with iubenda's powerful features. Focus on business, we've got compliance.
















Discover all features












Docs


Live Chat


Stats














































Resources







                    Back
                  





                      Close navigation
                    











                      Resources
                    
















Templates


Get started in no time with our free templates for basic scenarios.




Privacy Policy Template


Cookie Policy Template


Terms and Conditions Template


Terms of Service Template


Terms of Use Template


EULA Template




















Legislations


Legal standards we support and what you need to comply.




EU GDPR


UK GDPR


EU ePrivacy Directive (Cookie Law)


US Privacy Laws


Brazil’s LGPD


Switzerland’s FADP


EU Whistleblower Directive
























Guides


Step-by-step instructions to help you navigate compliance and implement our solutions effectively.




Getting Started


How to Create a Privacy Policy


iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution – Introduction and Getting Started


How to Generate a Cookie Policy for the Cookie Banner


How to Generate Terms and Conditions


Consent Database – Introduction and methods




















Integrations


Embed easily through copy-paste, GTM, or one of our native plugins.




Integrate your docs


Integrate your banner


WordPress Plugin


Joomla! Plugin


PrestaShop Plugin


Magento Extension
















Docs


Live Chat


Stats














































Partner with us







                    Back
                  





                      Close navigation
                    











                      Partner with us
                    




















Certification Program


Are you a web professional? Become a Certified Partner to resell iubenda with exclusive discounts, premium support, and more.


Join our 
Certification
 Program






















Referral Program


Earn up to 40% commission for every sale by recommending iubenda to your network or audience.


Become an affiliate














Have a project in mind?


Reach out to explore potential collaborations.
















Get in touch












Docs


Live Chat


Stats














































Pricing






Demo







                Start generating
              






























Documentation




Home


Documentation












Search






























Hide index










Getting Started








Getting Started Guide






Complete guide to the GDPR










Compliance for:






Simple Websites / Blogs






E-commerce Websites






App Developers






Individual Services












Legal Requirements








Legal Requirements Overview






How to Determine Your Law of Reference






What is a Privacy Policy and Do You Need One?






Impressum: What Is It and When Is It Needed






Main Legislations








GDPR






Complete guide to the GDPR






GDPR Offline Compliance Duties






Third party vs Data Processor






Web agency’s responsibilities according to the GDPR






Picking the Right Privacy Policy Options






GDPR treatment of services that do not collect personal data






How to Prove You Honored the Right to Be Forgotten






EU-US Data Privacy Framework: How Can iubenda Help






Green Light for the Data Privacy Framework: EU to US Personal Data Transfers Now Approved 






A Detailed Look at the EU AI Act






UK GDPR Post Brexit Updates






UK Data Reform Bill and AI Regulation






The Right to be Forgotten and iubenda’s Consent Database






Consent vs. Legitimate interest: what’s the difference?










Cookie Law / ePrivacy






Cookies and the GDPR: What’s Really Required?






What are trackers?






Manage Cookie Consent Easily






Cookie Policy – Everything you need to know






Which Data Can Be Safely Stored in Cookies Without Having to Request Consent?






Is the use of a cookie wall allowed in European Countries?






Legal Sources on Third-Party Cookie Names and Opt-Out Mechanisms






Italy’s new cookie guidelines (and how to comply)










US State Laws






US State Privacy Laws Overview






Complete guide to the CCPA






An In-depth Look at the CCPA Concept of Sale






CCPA toll-free number requirement






CPRA: Intro to the CCPA 2.0 and how it affects you






Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA)






Colorado Privacy Act (CPA)






Utah Consumer Privacy Act (the UCPA)






Connecticut Data Privacy Act (CTDPA)










CalOPPA and COPPA






What is COPPA? An In-Depth Guide to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act






COPPA and Mobile Apps






A guide to CalOPPA, the California Online Privacy Protection Act










LGPD






Complete guide to the LGPD






Brazil: New Cookie Requirements






Brazil Cookie Requirement Cheatsheet






LGPD Privacy Policy Example










Whistleblowing






Understanding the Basics of Whistleblowing






Navigating Whistleblowing Laws: An International Overview






How to Implement Whistleblower Protections in Your Organization










Other Legislations






Privacy Policies and Australian Law






FADP Updates – What You Need to Know












Common Scenarios








Blogs and Websites






How to Make Your Site Compliant (for Bloggers and Web Publishers)






How to Comply with the GDPR on a WordPress Site






How to Handle Data Privacy Complaints | Your 5-Step guide










E-commerce






Terms and Conditions for eCommerce (and how they protect your online store)










Emails and Newsletters






How to Make your Emails and Newsletter Compliant (with Form Examples)






ePrivacy and Direct Email Marketing (DEM)






Opt-In vs Opt-Out: What’s the Difference?






Privacy policy, GDPR forms and consent collection for Mailchimp






Global Email Marketing Cheatsheet










Apps






Privacy Policy for iOS and macOS Apps






Google Play adds new “safety section” to make data collection more transparent






Privacy Policy for Windows Apps






Cookies and Mobile Apps










Facebook Pages and Apps






Privacy Policy for Facebook Pages






Privacy Policy for Facebook Apps










Children






Legal Requirements for Websites and Apps Used by Children






Minors and the GDPR










Multi-lingual Websites and Apps






When Do You Need a Privacy Policy in Different Languages










Ads and Affiliate Programs






Privacy Policy for Google AdSense






Privacy Policy for Google Ads Remarketing






How to Collect Consent for Google Ad Personalization






Privacy Policy for Facebook Lead Ads






Amazon Affiliate Program










Analytics and Other Google Services






Is Google Analytics illegal in the EU and UK?






Google Analytics 4 – all you need to know






Privacy Policy for Google Analytics






How to Anonymize IP Addresses and Avoid the Cross-Referencing of Data in Google Analytics






Google Analytics and the GDPR: Is It Considered Monitoring Behavior?






Privacy Policy for Google Analytics Advertising and Remarketing Features






Privacy Policy for Google OAuth






Place of Processing  Customisation for Google Services






Google Ads Consent Mode – Everything You Need To Know










Workplace






How Technology Helps Businesses Build Effective Whistleblowing Systems






The A-Z of Whistleblowing Reporting Process in the Workplace






Managing Whistleblowing: How Organizations Should Handle Reports






Whistleblowing 101: A Guide to Whistleblowing Education in the Workplace






Ethics at Work: Crafting a Supportive Whistleblowing Culture










Accessibility






Accessibility 101: Here’s what you need to know about web accessibility






Your guide to the European Accessibility Act: Scope, requirements, and next steps






A complete guide to EAA compliance for digital services






European Accessibility Act B2B guide: Are B2B companies affected?






European Accessibility Act fines: What you need to know






ADA compliance for websites: Legal risks, guidelines, and how to get started






The ultimate guide to accessibility testing






Why digital access is now a must-have






A complete guide to accessibility compliance for digital platforms






How to identify and fix the most common accessibility issues






Which web accessibility tools do you really need?






Examples of accessibility done right: real websites you can learn from






Inclusive design principles: How to build digital experiences that work for everyone






What are the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines – and how do you meet them?






How to make your website screen reader-friendly (and why it matters)






A guide to digital inclusion: Breaking barriers in the digital age






Most accessible fonts: How to choose typography that supports inclusion






Color contrast accessibility: What it is and how to get it right






Creating content for everyone: A guide to Text-to-Speech assistive technology






Assistive technology examples: Tools that empower access






Using these 6 alt text best practices helps support real accessibility






Best font for dyslexia: How to choose fonts that empower every reader






Best fonts and text layouts for ADHD


















Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator








Creating Your Policy








Generating






How to Create a Privacy Policy






How to Generate a Cookie Policy






How to Display the Cookie Lifetime in Your Cookie Policy






How to Apply GDPR Protections Only to EU Users or to All Users






How to Apply State-Specific US Standards within the Generator










Adding Services






How to Add Services to Your Privacy Policy






Using the Site Scanner to Identify Missing Services






How to Add a Custom Service and Customize to Your Needs










Adding Owner Details






What is meant by the identifying details of the Data Controller






The Owner Field Within the Generator










Languages






How to Add Another Language to Your Documents












Editing/Updating Your Policy








How to Edit a Privacy Policy






How to Delete a Privacy Policy






How to duplicate an existing site










iubenda Branding






How to Remove iubenda Branding






Can I Remove the "iubenda hosts this page" Disclaimer










Advanced Settings






How to Force Update & Change the “Last updated” Date Information






Customize the Way Your Website or App Is Referred To in Your Privacy Policy






Customize Privacy and Cookie Policy Internal Links












Embedding Your Policy








General






Ways to Use iubenda’s Privacy Policy on Your Site and App






Standard Embedding






Direct Link






Direct Text Embedding via JS or API






Behavior of iubenda Embedding Options When JavaScript Is Disabled










Apps






iOS and macOS






tvOS (Apple TV)






Android






How to Add Android and iOS Mobile Permissions for Device Data






Make Your Legal Documents Available for Offline Viewing










Popular Platforms






Amazon Store






Bigcommerce






ePages






Ghost






HubSpot






Jimdo






Joomla!






Magento






Matomo (Formerly Piwik)






PrestaShop






Shopify






Squarespace






Ucraft






Webflow






Weebly






Wix






WordPress






WordPress.com










Advanced






How to Configure your Content Security Policy for iubenda












Troubleshooting and FAQs








How to Access the iubenda Dashboard






Must I Repeat the Process of Adding Services for Every Language in Which I Generate the Policy?






How to Honor and Include a “Do Not Track” Clause in the Privacy Policy






What Is the Difference Between the Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator and the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution?






What’s the Difference Between the Integration of the Privacy Policy and Cookie Solution?






Which Countries Is Your Privacy Policy Good For?






Can I Copy and Paste the Privacy Policy's Text into My Website?






Is it ok to include the same privacy policy in other sites and apps?






How to start the iubenda initializer asynchronously










Changelog






Legal Changelog


















Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution








Introduction








Introduction and Getting Started






How to Identify the Cookies Your Site Installs in Browsers












Cookie Banner Setup and Customization








How to Customize the Look and Behavior of the Cookie Banner (Beginner’s Guide)






How to Generate a Cookie Policy for the Cookie Banner






How to Configure Your Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution (Advanced Guide)










Advertising Tracking Preferences






The complete guide to IAB GDPR Framework and iubenda’s Consent Management Platform






Google and TCF 2.0: how to collect consent for personalized ads






TCF 2.0 Transition Guide










Languages






Cookie Policy and Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for Multilingual Websites






How to Use the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution in a Multilingual WordPress Site












For US








How iubenda can help with US state privacy laws compliance












Installation and Prior Blocking Implementation








Custom Website










Plugins and integrations






BigCommerce






Duda Plugin






Ghost






HubSpot






Jimdo






Joomla! Extension






Magento Extension






PrestaShop Plugin






Shopify






Squarespace






Ucraft






Webflow






Weebly






Wix






WordPress Plugin










Prior Blocking Implementation






Introduction to the Prior Blocking of Cookie Scripts






Manual Tagging (with Practical Examples)






Automatic Blocking (auto-blocking)






Google Tag Manager






Google Consent Mode: Set up Google Tag Manager with iubenda






Google Consent Mode






Google AdSense and Ad Manager






PHP Class






How to integrate iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution with Google AMP (WordPress method included)










Advanced






How to migrate consents from a previous provider to the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution






How to retrieve proof of cookie preferences






Cache, Speed and Other Optimization of the iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution






How to invoke Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution API methods from an iframe






How to Configure your Content Security Policy for iubenda










Stats






Analytics and Stats












For Mobile








Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for mobile | Developer’s Guide






iubenda mobile SDK – Integration with Google Consent Mode V2 for Firebase Analytics












Troubleshooting and FAQs








How Are the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Pageviews Calculated?






Where Can I Find My Cookie Policy and Site Ids?






Can I Integrate the Cookie Policy Within My Website Using the Direct Text Embedding and API?






How do I collect cookie consent on AMP pages?






How to solve common Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution issues with cache plugins and optimization features






Why Is Data Decreasing After Installing Google Consent Mode v2?






How to Hide the iubenda Banner on Specific Pages






How Ad-Blockers Affect iubenda’s Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution or Cookie Banner: What You Should Know










Channels and Changelog






Delivery Channels






Changelog


















Terms and Conditions Generator








What Are the Terms and Conditions and When Are They Needed?






What Should Basic Terms and Conditions Include?






Can I use a Terms and Conditions template?






Creating Your Document








How to Generate Terms and Conditions






The Owner Field Within the Generator






How to Add Another Language to Your Documents












Editing/Updating Your Document








How to Edit your Terms and Conditions






How to Delete your Terms and Conditions










Advanced options






How to Force Update & Change the "Last updated" Date Information






Customize the way your website or app is referred to in your documents












Embedding Your Document








General






How to Integrate iubenda’s Terms and Conditions on your Site and App






Make Your Legal Documents Available for Offline Viewing










Popular Platforms






Amazon






Bigcommerce






Ghost






HubSpot






Jimdo






Joomla!






Magento






PrestaShop






Squarespace






Shopify






Ucraft






Webflow






Weebly






Wix






WooCommerce






WordPress






WordPress.com










Advanced






How to Configure your Content Security Policy for iubenda












Troubleshooting and FAQs








Can I Copy and Paste the Text of the Legal Documents into My Website?










Changelog






Legal Changelog


















Consent Database








Getting Started








Introduction and Methods






How to Sync Your Legal Documents






How to Keep Your Consent Data in Sync Across Different Platforms with iubenda’s 2-Way Sync












Implementation








JavaScript






HTTP API






Simple integration guide










Popular Platforms






HubSpot






Joomla!






Make (Integromat)






Prestashop






Shopify






Squarespace






Webflow






Wix






Zapier










WordPress






WordPress (plugin)






WordPress (JavaScript method)






Elementor (WordPress website builder)






Gravity Forms (WordPress form plugin)










Advanced






How to Configure your Content Security Policy for iubenda












Troubleshooting and FAQs








Delivery Channels






Changelog


















Whistleblowing Management Tool








iubenda’s Guide to the EU Whistleblower Directive and Our Dedicated Tool












WayWidget








iubenda’s WayWidget: Which Option Is Right for Your Business?






Getting Started with iubenda’s WayWidget: A Step-by-Step Guide












Register of Data Processing Activities








Guide to the Register of Data Processing Activities












Resources








Webinars






Videos








All Video Guides










Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator






Overview






Introduction to the Generator






Adding services/clauses to your policy






Filling in the owner info






Managing languages






Editing your policy






Removing iubenda branding






Embedding your policy






Integrating iubenda with WordPress










Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution






Introduction to the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution






How to customize the cookie banner (basic options)






How to customize the cookie banner (advanced options)






Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF)










Terms and Conditions Generator






Overview










Consent Database






Introduction to the Consent Database






Consent Database manual implementation (JavaScript)






Consent dashboard in action










Register of Data Processing Activities






How to use the IPM tool












Templates








GDPR






EU Representative Appointment






Data Processing Agreement






Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality Obligation for Employees






Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA)










CPRA & CCPA






Service Provider Addendum












Cheat Sheets, Checklists and Tests








GDPR cheat sheet






GDPR Cookie Consent Cheatsheet






US privacy legislations Cheatsheet






Global Email Marketing Cheatsheet






CCPA compliance checklist






CPRA quiz






Compliance self-assessment test


















Account and Billing








Pricing FAQs






How to Delete Your Account






How to Use iubenda’s Multi-User Accounts






Plans and Licenses








Limitations of the Free Plan






Can iubenda plans cover multiple domains or subdomains?






How to Renew or Upgrade Your iubenda Plan






How to Delete a Site/App Project






How to Downgrade Your iubenda Plan






How to Manage Your Licenses [All Legacy Guides]












Payment








Why Is My Payment Failing?






How to Cancel Your iubenda Subscription






Can I Pay by Bank Transfer?






How to Update your Payment Method






Why the iubenda Service Is On a Recurring Basis












Invoices








Where Can I Find My Invoices?






How to Update Your Invoicing Information






How to Receive Invoices on a Different Email Address


















Partners and Affiliates








How to resell iubenda’s solutions to your clients: FAQ






How to Set up a Basic Affiliate/Referral Program Partnership with iubenda






Need help getting set up? View our directory of certified partners












About iubenda








Data Processing Agreement iubenda <> users






What iubenda Does and Does Not Track








5 Reasons Why We Host Your Documents
























Table of Contents






 






Show index




What Are the Terms and Conditions and When Are They Needed?










“Terms and Conditions” is the document governing the 
contractual relationship between the provider of a service and its user
. On the web, this document is often also called “Terms of Service” (ToS), “
Terms of Use
“, 
EULA
 (“End-User License Agreement”), “General Conditions” or “Legal Notes”.




Short on time? Jump to ⬇️




What should I do if I run an e-commerce website?


What should I put for terms and conditions?


Can I use a terms and conditions template?




How do I write my own terms and conditions?




What’s the difference between Terms and Conditions, Terms of Service and Terms of Use?


Privacy Policy vs. Terms and Conditions: what’s the difference between these two legal documents?


Generate your own Terms and Conditions document








The Terms and Conditions are nothing other than a contract in which the owner clarifies the conditions of use of its service. Some quick examples are the 
use of the content (copyright)
 , the 
rules that users must follow while interacting with one another
 on the website / app and, finally, rules related to the 
cancellation or suspension of a user’s account
 etc.




Particular emphasis should be given to the 
limitation of liability clauses (and disclaimers)
 , for example in cases of malfunctions of the app/ website, or user generated content. 
You can see an example of a Terms and Conditions clause below.




The Terms and Conditions therefore, represent the document that helps in dealing with problems or preventing them in the first place. Because of that, the Terms and Conditions are fundamental in many cases in order to mount an adequate and proper defense
.


Terms of Service set the way in which your product , service or content may be used, in a legally binding way. They are crucial for protecting your content from a copyright perspective as well as for protecting you from potential liabilities.






What should I do if I run an e-commerce website? Is it recommended to create a Terms and Conditions document?






Yes, it is not only advisable but also often 
mandatory
.


Not only are terms critically important for protecting you from potential 
liabilities
, but they regularly contain 
legally mandated information such as users’ rights, withdrawal or cancellation disclosures
.


Generally, a website/
app
 should have an accurate and valid 
Terms of Service
 document in place whenever complex issues are at stake, such as in the case of e-commerce, where sensitive information such as payment data is processed.




In e-commerce sites, the Terms of Service is typically the document that contains information related to 
conditions of sale
 and disclosures on methods of payment, shipping, delivery, withdrawals, and cancellation conditions etc. – as commonly required by consumer protection regulations. 
                    


💡 You can read 
more about 
eCommerce requirements here
.












What should I put for terms and conditions?






Creating this document for a website, app, or any other type of service can be complex and requires a comprehensive understanding of your business, legal requirements, and specific risk factors.. While the full content may vary based on 
the particulars of your business
, your document should at least include the following basic information:






Identification of the business




Description of the service
that your site/app provides


Information on 
risk allocation, liability, and disclaimers






Warranty/Guarantee
 information (where applicable)


The existence of a 
withdrawal right
 (if applicable)




Safety
 information, including instructions for 
proper use
 (where applicable)




Terms of delivery
 of product/service (where applicable)




Rights of use
 (if applicable)




Conditions of use
/purchase (eg. age requirements, location-based restrictions)




Refund policy
/exchange/termination of service
 and related info


Info related to 
methods of payment




Any additional applicable 
terms






Remember the document must be up-to-date with all applicable regulations, precise, visible and easily understandable so that users can both easily see it and 
agree to it
.










You need to enable cookies to see the quiz


Update your preferences












Can I use a terms and conditions template?






Despite how simple they appear, terms and conditions are meant to meet incredibly complex and highly specific scenarios. Because each terms and conditions document is a legally binding contract that is meant to protect you, the business owner, 
it’s imperative that the document matches your specific business processes, model, and remains up-to-date with the various laws referenced in its contents
. 
Templates
 simply cannot do this, therefore, we strongly suggest that you avoid using templates. Read our extended answer to this question 
here
.










How do I write my own terms and conditions?






They are such an important and legally-binding document that you should make sure they are professional and respect your business situation.

                    Without any legal background, 
it’s very complicated to write them on your own
. That’s why it’s best to seek legal advice. Another strong and probably easier alternative, you can use a Terms and Conditions Generator. It allows you to build and generate your own document in a few clicks, and then install it on your website. Learn how to do this 
here
.










Terms of Use vs. Terms of Service: what’s the difference between Terms and Conditions, Terms of Service and Terms of Use?






In general, 
there is no legal difference
. Terms and conditions, 
terms of service
 and terms of use are names all used to refer to the same document. The particular name used at any point in time is simply a matter of preference.










Privacy Policy vs. Terms and Conditions: what’s the difference between these two legal documents?






Privacy policy and terms and conditions are both 
legally binding agreements
, but:






Privacy policies
 are legally required under most countries’ legislations. They protect and inform your users and declare 
your compliance
 with applicable 
privacy laws
 in a legally binding way. While they do give you some leeway in terms of stating things such as how you handle “do not track” requests, they are generally aimed at protecting the user (more in our 
Legal Requirements Overview
).


Terms and conditions are aimed at protecting the business (
you
). They give business owners the opportunity to set their rules (within applicable law) of how their service or product may be used including, but not limited to, things like 
copyright conditions
, age limits, and the governing law of the contract. While terms are 
generally
 not legally required (like the privacy policy), it is essential for protecting your interests as a business owner.












How iubenda can help you generate and manage a Terms and Conditions document
















Customizable from over 100 clauses, available in 11 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations, our 
Terms and Conditions Generator
 is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios and customization needs.


Our solution works for businesses of any size, from the single blogger to enterprise level organizations, protecting their interests and their content.It’s optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, 
SaaS
, mobile apps, blogs, publications and more.




🚀




For more information on how to create your terms of use for your site/app




read our guide on 
How to Generate a Terms and Conditions document
.








Generate a Terms and Conditions document


Optimized for E-commerce, Marketplace, SaaS, Apps and more


Start generating




See also




What should basic Terms and Conditions include?


Can I use a Terms and Conditions template?


How to generate Terms and Conditions














Still have questions?


Attend one of our free webinars


Email us


Live chat




 
























Products and services


Compliance for websites and apps










Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator


Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution


Terms and Conditions Generator


WayWidget


Consent Database


Compliance Monitor


Register of Data Processing Activities


Whistleblowing Management Tool


Data Subject Rights Management Tool


Newsletter Opt-in Booster


iubenda Stats 














Pricing






Free site scan






Agencies








We use a selection of positive reviews on this site that have been sourced from actual customers or partners. These reviews have been adjusted to better fit the content of each page, while preserving their original meaning. For the full list of reviews for iubenda solutions, please refer to platforms such as Capterra, Trustpilot, and G2. For more information on how we source and use customer reviews, 
click here
.










Company




Work with us


Blog


Get certified as a Compliance Expert


Partner directory


Earn with iubenda






















Legal




Privacy Policy


Terms and Conditions


My rights


Whistleblower Form


Whistleblower policy


Accessibility


Imprint/Impressum







                    Your Privacy Choices
                  




Notice at Collection


Consent Database Privacy Notice


Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Privacy Notice




 
 
 








Help




Documentation


Feedback & support forum


Contact support


Our CMP Support Commitment








Country
























































































































iubenda s.r.l
 
Via San Raffaele, 1 - 20121 Milan (Italia)
 
EU VAT No: IT07347120961
 
UK VAT No: GB370904694
 
Milan Chamber of Commerce
 
SC: 12,795.78 Eur (fully paid up)



















































