

8 Reasons You Need a Terms and Conditions Agreement · PrivacyTerms.io
 
 
 
 
 
 
Generating policies since 2013
Disclaimer
Feedback
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
US
GB
US
Contact
Leave Feedback
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms & Conditions Generator
Privacy Policy Generator
Disclaimer Generator
start here
 
8 Reasons You Need a Terms and Conditions Agreement
These 8 reasons you need a 
Terms and Conditions
 agreement are extremely important reasons to consider when creating your Terms and Conditions, also known as 
terms of service
, agreement. Terms and Conditions are not a legal requirement of a website, like your 
privacy policy
, but that's not a reason you should ignore having them. Terms and conditions provide clear outlines for a user. They also provide protection for both the user and your business.
The Terms and Conditions on your website acts as a legal contract between you and your users. They include:
guidelines for acceptable behavior
the rights and responsibilities of the user
confidentiality outlines
privacy policy
intellectual property rights
copyright
cancellation policy
refund policy
and much more
So let's take a look at a few key reasons you should consider when writing your Terms and Conditions and what they mean for your business.
On this page
 
Reason 1. Trust
Reason 2. Protect Your Content
Reason 3. Limit Liability
Reason 4. Prevent Abuse
Reason 5. Termination or Suspension of Account
Reason 6. Governing law 
Reason 7. Clearly Define Billing Terms
Reason 8. Enforcement of Agreement
Conclusion
Reason 1. Trust
The 
Terms and Conditions
 contract gives your business a higher level of professionalism. Transparency results in increased levels of customers confidence, satisfaction and trust in you and your business.
The 
Terms and Conditions contract
 makes it easy for your users to know what to expect from you and what you expect from them. For example take a look at 
Amazon's Product Descriptions
 in their Terms and Conditions.
Amazon's Product Descriptions clause
As you can see this makes it very clear to the user what recourse they have available to them should the item received not be as described.
This provides a level of protection to your company if you are enforcing a particular section in your terms.
Reason 2. Protect Your Content
The Terms and Conditions contract protects all of the content on your website, other than user generated content. This content includes your logo, the design of your website, graphics, audio and video clips, and your written content.
In agreeing to the terms and conditions of using your site, your user will need to agree to not reproduce, distribute, sell, publish or broadcast any of the material found on this website without the written consent from you.
This content is protected under international copyright laws. It is usually found under the heading Intellectual Property. Let's take a look at Apple's Intellectual Property clause:
Apple's Intellectual Property clause
As you can see 
Apple's Terms and Conditions
 clearly outline the company's intellectual property and clearly explains that it is all owned by the company.
Reason 3. Limit Liability
Having a Terms and Conditions agreement ensures your users are aware of the rules outlining your service and content. The agreement is a legally binding contract between the user and yourself, which therefore reduces the chances of any legal action against you. Limiting your liability, even just a fraction, is obviously better than leaving yourself vulnerable by not including this in your Terms and Conditions agreement.
Let's take a look at 
YouTube's Limitation of Liability
 clause:
YouTube's Limitation of Liability clause
The Limitation of Liability clause notifies users that your website is not responsible for any errors in content, damages to the user or the users property or that the information provided is accurate and suitable for any purpose.
Reason 4. Prevent Abuse
The Terms and Conditions contract should include a clause which outlines the rules of conduct that the user must adhere to while using your site. This should include providing false information, impersonating another person, unauthorized advertising, spamming, stealing content or attempting to upload harmful computer codes or viruses and other types of abusive conduct.
Should your site include the availability for users to comment or add content, you can include a clause that lets users know that abusive or profane language will not be tolerated. This behaviour could result in the user facing temporary or permanently banned.
The following example is from 
BuzzFeed's comprehensive section on Rules of Conduct
:
Excerpt of Buzzfeed's Rules of Conduct
This clause clearly states what conduct is expected when users access the BuzzFeed website and what type of conduct will not be tolerated.
Reason 5. Termination or Suspension of Account
A Termination and Suspension clause is particularly useful for website with a registration or account section. It clarifies what rights you and your user have when terminating or suspending an account. Can the contract be ended at any time? Does notice need to be given by either of you?
The Termination and Suspension clause will also direct your users on what action they can take if they find themselves with a suspended or terminated account and direct them to what procedure to follow should they feel they were suspended or terminated incorrectly.
Once again let's take a quick look at BuzzFeed's 
Terms and Conditions
 to see what a termination clause may look like.
Buzzfeed's Termination clause.
Reason 6. Governing law 
It's important to identify which laws your website or business falls under. This usually refers to the country you are based in. So for example, let's take a look at 
YouTube's Governing Law
 clause:
YouTube's Governing Law clause.
So if your website is based in London UK, or Sydney, Australia you would usually state those countries as the governing law.
However it is not necessary to use the law of the country you reside in as your governing law, you are actually free to choose. There may be technical reasons why a particular jurisdiction is chosen but ultimately the choice is yours and is usually a law which you would be familiar with.
Reason 7. Clearly Define Billing Terms
Should your website include paid
memberships, an online store or any other form of payments you will
want to include a clause covering billing or payment terms. Within this
clause you you will want to cover topics such as payment methods,
refunds, and billing cycles.
The sections should be clearly labeled and easily understood. What payment methods does your website accept? Do you issue refunds under any circumstances and if so what are they?
Here is a part of Netflix’s Billing section in their 
Terms and Conditions.
Netflix's Cancellation Policy
As you can see Netflix have made their refund policy very clear by having written that they will not issue refunds any under circumstance in capitals. The user, having agreed to these terms and conditions, will have no recourse in requesting a refund.
Reason 8. Enforcement of Agreement
Having an agreement statement of use in your Terms and Conditions contract allows you to enforce your policies and determine whether there has been a breach of contract. Should you be in a situation where you need to take a customer court in order to obtain a payment or have the contract violated in some way then this contract will help avoid problems.
Here is 
Microsoft's agreement statement of use:
Microsoft's agreement statement of use.
Your agreement statement is placed at the beginning of your Terms and Conditions contract so it's the first thing your user will see when they read to these. By using your website and services the user is agreeing to the terms and conditions laid out in the agreement.
Conclusion
We have listed many of the reasons that a Terms and Conditions Agreement is important for your website. Help limit your liability, gain your users trust and confidence and protect your content by generating your Terms and Conditions Agreement today.
Disclaimer
The information in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as legal advice on any matter and does not create a lawyer-client relationship
Disclaimer
The information in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as legal advice on any matter and does not create a lawyer-client relationship
Related posts:
Are Terms and Conditions Legally Binding? 
How to Create your own Terms agreement 
Do You Need Terms and Conditions for Blogs? 
What is a DMCA Notice and why you need it in your Terms and Conditions 
Your Legal Toolkit
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms and Conditions Generator
Terms of Service Generator
Disclaimer Generator
back to table of contents
 
Latest Articles
 
 
 
What is the Data Protection Act 2018?
The Data Protection Act (DPA) 2018 is the UK's updated data protection law which became effective on 25th May 2018 and was recently amended on the 1st January 2021 to reflect the United Kingdom's exit from the EU. It sits alongside the UK GDPR and replaces the Data Protection Act 1998. The United Kingdom is […]
 
Read More...
 
 
 
Where to put a Privacy Policy on your Website?
A Privacy Policy is a legal requirement for any business or website, but where should you put your Privacy Policy on your website? To be compliant with a number of International laws, including GDPR, CalOPPA and Australian Privacy Act 1988, your privacy policy is required to be in a prominent, easily located place on your […]
 
Read More...
 
 
 
3 Reasons Your Website Needs a Privacy Policy
Whether you own a website, blog or eCommerce store you may find yourself wondering, do I need a privacy policy? The short answer is, if you collect personal data from your readers or users in any form, then yes you do need a privacy policy. The three most important reasons you will require a privacy […]
 
Read More...
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Popular Tools
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms and Conditions Generator
Terms of Service Generator
Disclaimer Generator
Popular Templates
Terms & Conditions Template
Follow Us
@privacyterms_io on twitter
@privacyterms on facebook
@privacyterms on pinterest
privacyterms.io on youtube
Browser Articles by Topic
Privacy Policy Articles
Terms & Conditions Articles
GDPR Articles
Disclaimer Articles
© 2023 
Privacyterms.io
Generate for Free...
Privacy Policy Generator
Terms Generator
Disclaimer Generator
 
 
 
balance-scale
documents1
document-locked1
document-error1
pen2
 
 
 
 
 
 



