































SAT Testing Rules – SAT Suite | College Board




























































SAT Suite of Assessments


















Home














SAT




















SAT Home










My SAT










What's on the SAT










SAT Dates and Deadlines










Registration










Accommodations










Device Readiness










Device Lending










What to Bring and Do on Test Day










SAT Scores










SAT Testing Staff










SAT Test Center Search










Check for Test Center Closings










Help Center: Students










Help Center: Professionals and Educators










Test Security and Fairness










SAT Testing Rules






















SAT School Day




















SAT School Day Home










SAT School Day Test Dates










Taking SAT School Day










Accommodations










SAT School Day Scores










SAT School Day Testing Rules






















PSAT/NMSQT




















PSAT/NMSQT Home










PSAT/NMSQT Test Dates










What's on the PSAT/NMSQT?










Taking the PSAT/NMSQT










PSAT/NMSQT Scores










Scholarships and Recognition










PSAT/NMSQT Testing Rules






















PSAT 10




















PSAT 10 Home










PSAT 10 Test Dates










What's on the PSAT 10?










Taking the PSAT 10










PSAT 10 Scores










Scholarships and Recognition










PSAT 10 Testing Rules






















PSAT 8/9




















PSAT 8/9 Home










PSAT 8/9 Test Dates










What's on the PSAT 8/9?










Taking the PSAT 8/9










PSAT 8/9 Scores










PSAT 8/9 Testing Rules






















Scores




















Scores Home










Score Release Dates










SAT Weekend Scores










SAT School Day, PSAT/NMSQT, and PSAT 10 Scores










PSAT 8/9 Scores










Online Score Reports for Educators






















Practice




















Practice Home










My Practice 101










Student Readiness Check










What Are Content Domains?










Full-Length SAT Suite Practice Tests










How to Use Bluebook Practice Tests










How to Use Khan Academy










Practice with Confidence










Build Your Study Plan










Setting a Target Score










How to Use the Student Question Bank










Practice Resources for Educators










Question of the Day






















For K–12 Educators




















About the SAT Suite










SAT Fee Waivers










District/School Pricing Details










In-School Educator Experience










Using Skills Insight™










Additional Tools and Resources










Professional Development for K–12 Educators










Test Centers










BigFuture School and Connections






















For Higher Ed Professionals




















For Higher Ed Professionals Home










SAT and College Success










SAT Validity










Score Reports






















SAT Suite Benefits: For Students & Parents




















Students & Parents Home










El examen SAT










Why Take the SAT?










Why Take a PSAT-Related Assessment?










BigFuture School Mobile App










Help Center: Parents






















Support




















Help Center: Students










Help Center: Professionals and Educators










Help Center: K–12 Reporting Portal










Help Center: SAT Suite Ordering and Registration (Schools)










Help Center: SAT Suite Ordering and Registration (Districts)










Higher Education Reporting Portal Help










Contact Us






















More






























Display Site Navigation


































Home


SAT




Active Page:


SAT Testing Rules






























 Back
 












SAT Testing Rules




















Revised: August 11, 2025












IMPORTANT:
 These Testing Rules apply to the SAT administered in Fall 2025 only. If you took the SAT during the last administrative year, 
find the Terms and Conditions that apply to you
.










Introduction


This is a legal contract between you and College Board.


WARNING.
 There are serious consequences for not following the rules. You may be dismissed from the test. Your test may not be scored, or your scores may be canceled. You may be banned from taking future College Board tests. Your conduct may be reported to your high school and colleges to which you apply.


NOTE:
 See Section 9 for how disagreements between you and College Board will be handled.


Contents:




Section 1. Taking the SAT


Section 2. Items You Cannot Bring to the SAT


Section 3. Behaviors That Are Not Allowed


Section 4. Score Cancellation


Section 5. Privacy


Section 6. Miscellaneous


Section 7. Policies and Requirements


Section 8. Intellectual Property—Ownership of Materials


Section 9. ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER


Section 10. Venue and Waiver of Jury Trial


Section 11. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY


Section 12. Disclaimer of Warranties


Section 13. Severability


Section 14. Restricted Registrations


Section 15. Accessibility of These Rules




Section 1. Taking the SAT




The SAT is a digital test. You will take the SAT on a testing device, using an app called Bluebook™.


You must provide an acceptable photo when you register for the SAT in accordance with 
sat.org/photo
. You may make changes to your photo up to 5 days before you test. The photo you provide during registration will be used to identify you on test day.


Your testing device must be one of the following:

    


Windows laptop,

Mac laptop,

Windows tablet (external keyboard is required with a Windows tablet), or other tablet,

iPad,

Chromebook managed by your school.

In some cases, you may be able to take the SAT on a desktop computer in a school computer lab.






You cannot use any other devices to take the SAT. You 
cannot
 take the SAT on a mobile phone.

You may qualify to borrow a testing device from College Board if you submit a request with your test registration before the deadline. See below in the Miscellaneous section for more information on borrowing a testing device. A testing device that is loaned to you by College Board will have Bluebook already installed.

Your testing device must have enough charge to last the duration of the exam and setup.

Make sure your device is running on an approved operating system. See 
bluebook.collegeboard.org/students/approved-devices
 for more information.

Bluebook must be downloaded to your testing device before you can take the SAT. If your testing device is managed by your school, your school may download Bluebook for you. It is your responsibility to check if your school did so. If you are using your own testing device, you will need to download Bluebook yourself. You can download Bluebook from the College Board website at 
bluebook.app.collegeboard.org
.

You must sign in to Bluebook using your College Board online account username (email address) and password, sign the "Privacy Policy and Use of This App" rules, and complete exam setup before the test. Bluebook will generate your admission ticket once you have completed exam setup.

You must bring your electronic or printed admission ticket to the SAT. You'll show this to the proctor when you check in. If you are using a testing device loaned to you by College Board, your ticket will be generated on test day after you complete exam setup.

If we determine that there is a difference between your photo ID and your admission ticket, or if the photo ID doesn't meet our requirements (for example, if your nickname is on one field but your full name is on another), we may, in our sole discretion, deny you admission to the test site. We may also dismiss you from the test site, decline to score your test, or cancel your test scores.

Staff at your test site will direct you to your testing room.
    
You will connect to your testing site’s internet.


You MAY bring the following to the test.

        


A power cord and/or a portable charger. There is no guarantee that you will have access to an outlet for charging.

An external mouse and mouse pad.

A calculator that meets the requirements located at 
satsuite.collegeboard.org/sat/what-to-bring-do/calculator-policy
. Before testing, you will be asked to clear all saved formulas on a calculator you bring. There is also a calculator in Bluebook that you can use instead of bringing your own if you wish. Either way, you can use a calculator for the entire Math section.

Pen or pencil for scratch work. This pencil does not have to be a No. 2 pencil. Proctors will give you paper before the test begins.






Close all applications other than Bluebook before the test begins. You are not allowed to have any other apps open on your testing device during testing. You are not allowed to paste work into Bluebook from another program or application. Certain testing accommodations may allow for exceptions to this rule.

An internet connection is required to start the test and to submit your answers at the end of the test. You will receive instructions from your proctor on test day if there is an internet outage.

There are 2 sections of the SAT. The first section is Reading and Writing, and the second section is Math. Each section of the SAT has 2 modules (parts). Once you leave a module, you cannot return to it.

Bluebook has a timer that will count down the minutes and seconds remaining in each module. You can hide the timer until the last 5 minutes of the module.

You must stay for the full length of the standard time test. You cannot submit your answers before the standard timer runs out.

Enter all your answers into Bluebook.

Do not close the lid or cover the screen of your testing device until your answers are submitted. Doing so may prevent your answers from being submitted.

If your answers were successfully submitted, you will see a confirmation screen. If your testing device is not connected to the internet when the SAT ends and your answers are not submitted, you have until 11:59 p.m. local time the next day to reconnect to the internet and submit your answers.

Generally, College Board will score all tests that have been started. If your answers are not complete, your scores may be used only for guidance purposes. In this case, scores may be reported to you, your school, your district, or your state, but will not be reportable to colleges and scholarship institutions.

Some students may be approved to take the SAT using a paper test as a testing accommodation. In this case, students will select their answers in the test book. Students must select only 1 answer for each question. If the student selects more than 1 answer, the answer will be marked as wrong. Answers will be entered manually into Bluebook by testing staff or by College Board.




Section 2. Items You Cannot Bring to the SAT




You may NOT bring the following items to the SAT or access them during breaks:
               
     


electronic equipment including phones, smartwatches, fitness trackers, wearable technology, cameras, recording or listening devices, or any other type of electronic or communication device (other than your testing device, approved calculator, and any technology where you have an approved testing accommodation),

all stylus pens, Apple Pencils, smart pens, and other electronic writing instruments,

books, reference guides, notes, compasses, protractors, dictionaries, highlighters, or colored pencils,

papers of any kind (scratch paper will be provided by proctors and collected at the end of the test),

watches that beep, make a noise, or have an alarm,

calculators on the prohibited list located at satsuite.collegeboard.org/sat/what-to-bring-do/calculator-policy,

detachable privacy screens,

reference guides, keyboard maps, or other typing instructions,

headphones, earbuds (wired or wireless), ear plugs, or any in-ear or over-ear audio devices, including those with Bluetooth or noise-canceling capabilities, whether they are powered on or off.

weapons or firearms.








Please note that some of the items on the above list may be allowed for students with certain testing accommodations.


Section 3. Behaviors That Are Not Allowed




You are NOT allowed to do or attempt to do the following:
               
     


cheat or otherwise get an unfair advantage on the SAT,

copy or record test questions, memorize questions for the purpose of writing them down later, or take a screenshot during the test,

interfere with or bypass Bluebook security features,

have any applications running on your testing device other than Bluebook or approved technology,

access or use any phone or other mobile device during the test or breaks

access or use any digital resource(s) or website(s) during the test or breaks, including AI (artificial intelligence) tools such as ChatGPT, Photomath, and similar apps,

fail to turn in or store away a mobile phone by following your test site’s process,

use an answer key or receive information from other people about test questions,

discuss or share information about test questions with others,

talk to or otherwise communicate with others during the test,

allow anyone to see your test questions or answers or attempt to see or copy others’ test questions or answers,

look at notes, electronic devices, textbooks, websites, or any other resources during the test or during breaks,

have information on your clothing, shoes, or body,

wear a brimmed cap, the hood on a hooded shirt or jacket, or anything else that prevents testing staff from seeing your eyes and ears during the test (exceptions may be made for students with an accommodation, medical issue, or religious reason),

share a calculator with another person or use a calculator on any test section other than the Math section,

leave the testing room after you are finished without being dismissed by staff,

take a testing device from the testing room or test site during the test or breaks,

go to a locker at any time during the test or breaks,

take the test for someone else or have someone else take the test for you,

provide false information to College Board,

disturb others during the test,

engage in unruly, aggressive, or violent behavior,
         
fail to follow these rules or directions given by the testing staff,


deliberately create fake or multiple College Board student accounts including, without limitation, bot-generated registrations or other registrations created through automated methods.








Section 4. Score Cancellation




Score Cancellation and Disciplinary Measures.
 If College Board determines that your scores are invalid under Section 4(b) below, or you have committed Misconduct under Section 4(c) below, we may, in our sole discretion, take 1 or more of the following measures (
"Measures"
): deny you entry to a test, dismiss you from the test, not score your test, cancel your scores, prevent you from taking future College Board tests (including the SAT, Advanced Placement
®
 (AP
®
) and CLEP
®
 Exams), and/or share information with others as described in Section 4(f) below.


CAUTION! THE CONSEQUENCES OF CHEATING ON THE SAT ARE SEVERE.


Invalid Scores.
 We may cancel your scores and/or take any of the other Measures described above if after following the procedures set forth in this section, we determine, in our sole discretion, that there is substantial evidence that your scores are invalid (
"Invalid Scores"
). Examples of evidence of Invalid Scores include, without limitation, unusual answer patterns or other evidence that indicates these rules have been violated. Before canceling your scores under this Invalid Scores section, we will notify you in writing (via email if an email address is provided by you in Bluebook for this test) or through your test site. We will then offer you 3 choices: voluntary score cancellation, a free retest under closely monitored conditions (during the next 2 available administrations after such review), or an opportunity to give us additional information and request a further review by a College Board panel. If you choose a further review by a College Board panel, and it confirms, in its sole discretion, that your scores are invalid, we will offer you 3 choices: voluntary score cancellation, a free retest under closely monitored conditions (during the next 2 available administrations after such review), or binding arbitration (or small claims court) as described below. If you choose the retest option, you may not review scores from the test under review—such scores will be canceled. The process described in this Section 4(b) is called the 
"Score Validity Process."
 Additional information about security measures and consequences of violating security policies is located at 
satsuite.collegeboard.org/sat/test-security-fairness
. The binding arbitration (or small claims court) option is available only for tests administered in the United States and U.S. territories.


Misconduct.
 If we determine, in our sole discretion, that there is overwhelming evidence that you did not follow these rules (
"Misconduct"
), the Score Validity Process will not be offered to you. Instead, we may cancel your scores and/or take any of the Measures described above. Examples of Misconduct are doing or attempting to do the following: using an answer key, mobile phone, the internet, or an application other than Bluebook; removing the test or answers; disrupting the College Board server or Bluebook through a cyberattack or other activity; duplicating the test or Bluebook; or altering the test, answer keys, or any data after testing was complete. Misconduct may be shown in many ways. For example, Misconduct may be shown through observations during the test or by evidence discovered after the test.


Testing Irregularities.
 We may cancel your scores if we determine that any testing irregularity occurred (collectively 
"Testing Irregularities"
). Examples of Testing Irregularities include problems with the test, irregular circumstances, or events associated with a test that may affect 1 or more test takers. Examples of this are errors like improper seating, improperly admitting someone to the test, giving an accommodation that is not approved by College Board, defective materials, defective equipment, technical issues like a Bluebook malfunction, testing device malfunction, hardware issues, or an internet outage. These also include evidence of possible preknowledge of the test, and disruptions of the test caused by internet disruptions, natural disasters, weather events, epidemics or pandemics, wars, riots, civil disturbances, or other emergencies. When Testing Irregularities occur, we may cancel an entire administration or individual registrations, decline to score all or part of the test, or cancel scores. We may do this regardless of whether or not you caused the Testing Irregularities, benefited from them, or violated these rules. We may, in our sole discretion, give you the opportunity to take the test again within a reasonable time frame, and without charge. This is the only fix that may be available to you as a result of Testing Irregularities.


Test Taker Reporting Violations or Suspicious Behavior.
 You may 
confidentially
 report any suspected violation of these rules, or any suspicion concerning the security of any College Board test, by immediately reporting this information to College Board online at 
forms.collegeboard.org/reportcheating
 or by emailing us at 
[email protected]
.


College Board Sharing Information with Others.
 We may share the results of test security investigations (including without limitation those relating to Misconduct and Invalid Scores described above, and other disciplinary-related information), with others outside of College Board. This includes your school, any score recipient, college, higher education institution or agency, scholarship organization, potential score recipient, government agency in the United States or abroad, parents, legal guardians, or law enforcement. College Board may also share such information with others that have a good reason for knowing the information or who may be able to help College Board in its investigation or who may be conducting their own investigation. College Board may answer questions from any institution to which you submitted a score. If you make public any review, investigation, or decision of College Board, College Board may make public any and all details of such matter.




Section 5. Privacy




Privacy Policies.
 College Board recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. Our privacy policies are located at 
collegeboard.org/privacy-center
 (
"Privacy Policies"
), and also available to you under 
Help
 on the Bluebook homepage. Privacy Policies are part of these rules. You consent to the collection, use, and disclosure by College Board of your information, including personally identifiable information, described in the Privacy Policies and in these rules. College Board may update its Privacy Policies from time to time, and they are subject to change up to 1 week prior to your test date and any subsequent test dates. You are required to review the Privacy Policies located on the College Board website at 
collegeboard.org/privacy-center
 prior to each test administration.


Your Testing Device and Activity Data.


Your Testing Device Data:
 When you download and use Bluebook, College Board will receive certain information about your testing device. This includes things like device type, operating system type and version, applications and processes running on your testing device, Internet Protocol (IP) address, screen size and resolution, number of screens, available memory, storage and disk bytes, disk mount, type and size, battery level, and other device-specific information for the purposes described below.


Activity Data:
 We also capture and monitor the actions you take in Bluebook, including your responses, where you click, where you put your mouse on the page, how long you spend on each page, ctrl/alt/delete attempts, and how you navigate through Bluebook.


Testing Device Data and Activity Data:
 Your testing device Data and Activity Data (collectively, 
"Data"
) may be used by College Board to make sure your testing device is compatible with Bluebook, for test security purposes, for test validation and research, and to develop and improve College Board products and services. Data may be disclosed to trusted vendors, but only when they are providing services to College Board, and we may disclose aggregated data (combined data of test takers that does not identify you) and de-identified data (data that does not have information to identify you). Data is not sold or licensed to third parties, including without limitation for their marketing purposes or other commercial purposes. We may share Data with your school, district or state education department related to the SAT you take on Bluebook, including any misuse of Bluebook. You will also be asked to type specific sentences in Bluebook. Neither Data nor those typed sentences are used for biometric identification.


Voluntary Student Search Service™
. If you decide to opt in to our voluntary Student Search Service (
"Student Search Service"
), then:
		


We will share information about you that you provide to College Board (including without limitation your name, nickname, address, gender, email, date of birth, the high school you attend, your expected graduation year, score ranges, information you provide during test registration, testing and when using the College Board college planning website, BigFuture
®
) with participating nonprofit accredited colleges and universities (domestic and international), nonprofit scholarship providers, and government agencies administering educational programs (
"Education Organizations"
). If you opt in to Student Search Service, we may share information that you provided prior to and after opting in to Student Search Service, but we will not share any information until you opt in.


Education Organizations may use this information to send you, or your parent/guardian, email and postal mail with information about educational, financial aid, scholarship, and direct admission opportunities. This may include information about non-profit college or university undergraduate institutions, no-cost scholarship and financial aid opportunities that fund non-profit secondary or postsecondary education and/or activities, information about accessing higher education, and offers of direct admissions to non-profit higher education institutions.

Education Organizations may only use your information for the purpose of sending you educational and informational messages about the topics listed above.

Being contacted by Education Organizations doesn't mean you have been admitted or received a scholarship. You must submit required information and complete steps requested by the Education Organization(s) for potential admission, enrollment, scholarships, and/or financial aid. College Board is not involved in any of the selection or decision making by the Education Organizations.

Education Organizations may pay a license fee to College Board to license (use) your information. College Board uses these license fees to help support its mission-driven work. Students do not pay a fee for Student Search Service.

Education Organizations (i) may not share your information with others except to their contractors such as direct mail service providers, and (ii) may only keep your information for a limited time period.



Opt-out:
 You can opt out of Student Search Service at any time at 
my.collegeboard.org/profile/privacy
, by completing the Your Privacy Choices webform at 
form.collegeboard.org/f/data-subject-rights-request
 or by contacting us at 
[email protected]
.


More information on Student Search Service is available at 
studentsearch.collegeboard.org
.






Scholarship Programs.
 College Board automatically sends your scores and personally identifiable information to the U.S. Presidential Scholars Program for test takers in all states, the District of Columbia, U.S. territories, and Puerto Rico, and for U.S. citizens abroad. In addition, based on your mailing address or high school, this information may also be sent to state scholarship and recognition programs in various states, including, by way of example only, Alaska, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Michigan, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. This information is used by such programs to consider your eligibility for a scholarship or recognition program. College Board is not involved in any of the selection or decision making for any of these scholarship programs.
		


Opt-out:
 You can opt out by notifying College Board, in writing, no more than 15 days after the test date, at College Board SAT Program, Attention: Confidentiality, P.O. Box 025505, Miami, FL 33102 or by contacting customer service at 
[email protected]
.






State Direct Admissions Programs.
 Based on your mailing address or high school, College Board may automatically send your scores and personally identifiable information to state government agencies that are operating direct admissions programs on behalf of their state public higher education institutions. This information is used by such programs to facilitate and administer these programs, including to consider your eligibility for direct admissions to the participating state public higher education institutions and may be disclosed to those institutions. There is no guarantee of admissions, scholarships, or financial aid. Any offers of direct admission you receive may require you to complete additional steps as defined by the state public higher education institution(s), such as to confirm your admission and enrollment as well as to be considered for financial aid. The state government agency operating the direct admissions program for the state public higher education institutions and each institution make the decision on offers of direct admission. College Board is not involved in any of the selection or decision-making by these state direct admissions programs.
		


Opt-out:
 You can opt out by notifying College Board, in writing, no more than 15 days after the test date, at College Board SAT Program, Attention: Confidentiality, P.O. Box 025505, Miami, FL 33102 or by contacting customer service at 
[email protected]
.






Educational Reporting.




We send your scores, data from your scores, other information you provide in connection with testing, and certain demographic information to your school and district. In addition, this information may be sent to your state for educational, diagnostic, and/or reporting purposes.


When you request that we send your scores to colleges or other organizations as designated by you during registration and/or via your College Board account, we send your scores, certain demographic information, and other information you provide during testing to those colleges and organizations in accordance with 
sat.org/scores
. These organizations may use this information to send you information about admissions, educational, financial aid, and scholarship opportunities. Being contacted by these organizations does not mean you have been admitted or are eligible for a scholarship or financial aid program. You must submit an application to be considered for admission at a college or university, and complete any steps required by any scholarship programs to be considered for their opportunities. We may share with your state, school, and district the names of the organizations you select for your free score sends available during registration.






Connections.
 College Board has a separate program called Connections that is offered to schools and school districts and that connects students with information about nonprofit accredited colleges and universities (domestic and international), nonprofit scholarship providers, and government agencies administering educational programs, without disclosure of their personally identifiable information. Where available, students who take the PSAT/NMSQT, PSAT 10, or the SAT during the school day can opt in to Connections. You can't opt in to Connections as part of this SAT Weekend test, but if you have already opted in to Connections or if you opt in later, your SAT Weekend score range is included in the information used to match you to organizations as part of Connections. More information about Connections is available at 
satsuite.org/bigfutureschool
.




Section 6. Miscellaneous




You may qualify to borrow a testing device from College Board if you submit a request with your test registration before the deadline. If you borrow a testing device, additional rules will apply to you and will become part of these rules. Submitting a request does not guarantee that College Board will provide you with a testing device. Test sites cannot provide you with a testing device on test day unless your request made for the test date was approved. If you are approved to borrow a testing device, we will make all reasonable efforts to provide you with such device on test day. However, we cannot guarantee that a testing device will be available on test day. Additional information is available on the College Board website at 
satsuite.collegeboard.org/sat/device-lending
.
    
Testing sites may, but are not required to, offer a replacement device if your testing device is not working. You have the option to use or decline the offered device.

College Board scores SAT exams in its sole discretion.

If you want to voluntarily cancel your scores, your request must be submitted through your College Board account by no later than 11:59 p.m. ET 1 week after your test date in accordance with 
satsuite.collegeboard.org/digital/cancel-scores
. Once you submit your request to cancel scores, your scores cannot be reinstated and are not reported to you or your designated institutions (e.g., colleges).

International test takers may be subject to additional requirements. Those requirements are located at 
sat.org/international
.

In certain cases, including where there is unexpected volume in a particular area or for test security or safety reasons, College Board reserves the right to move you to a different test site or to a subsequent test administration.

Test centers have sole discretion over their availability and may choose to close at any time, up to and including test day. College Board does not have control regarding these closures. When this occurs, College Board will attempt to work with the test center to schedule a makeup test or move you to another test center. If no other options are feasible, College Board may, in its sole discretion, issue a refund for your registration fee.

In the event of a test security–related concern, public health threat including without limitation an epidemic or pandemic, natural disaster, terrorist act, civil unrest, or other unexpected events or circumstances, College Board may cancel testing for all or a specific group of test takers. When this occurs, College Board will notify you in advance if feasible. We will communicate test cancellations and, when feasible, alternate test dates for affected test takers.

In the very rare case that College Board is unable to confirm a complete set of test responses, we will report your score to you with a “Score Sends Held” designation. Incomplete responses could negatively affect your scores, so we will not report them to college, universities, or scholarship programs you selected in your score sends unless you contact us to request otherwise. You must call customer service at 866-756-7346 (+1-212-713-7789 internationally) to confirm release of these score sends.

For security purposes, including to protect the security and integrity of our tests, College Board may, in its sole discretion, decline to register you or administer a College Board test to you, prevent you from proceeding with a test, or dismiss you from a test. College Board may also cancel your registration.

If College Board determines that you may be in danger, we may contact your parents, your guardians, your high school, law enforcement, and others. We may share information about you, including your personal information, with those we contact.

For security purposes, College Board (or someone who works for College Board) may collect recordings like images, video, or audio of you at your test site. Recordings are retained as long as reasonably necessary. College Board may disclose these recordings to law enforcement and/or as reasonably necessary to protect the rights and property of College Board or others.

Your SAT may include questions that do not count toward your score. These questions may show up in any of the test sections. They are being pretested for future SAT administrations. Testing time for the SAT takes these questions into account.

After the SAT, you may be asked to participate in a survey or to answer sample test questions. If you provide us with an email address, you may receive an invitation via email. Participation is totally up to you and will not affect your scores.

College Board takes steps to make sure registration records, answers, and scores are properly managed. In the unlikely event of a problem, College Board will correct the error, if feasible. You may have to retest. College Board has sole discretion in deciding whether to score lost or corrupted answers that are eventually recovered.

Additional information for students regarding the purpose of the SAT is located at 
satsuite.collegeboard.org/digital/test-security-fairness
.

Personal property that you bring to the testing site, such as purses, bags, and backpacks, may be searched. College Board may use tools that detect prohibited devices such as metal detecting wands used on individuals and personal property. College Board and testing staff may take personal property that could be used in violation of these rules. College Board will hold this property for a reasonable amount of time for investigation.

College Board is not responsible for any personal property.

College Board is not responsible if you don’t follow directions, steps, instructions, or these rules relating to taking the SAT. You may be prevented from taking the test or finishing the test. You may also be prevented from taking other College Board assessments in the future. These decisions are in the sole discretion of College Board.

You may submit a report to College Board if you think there is an error or something is unclear in a test question. If so, College Board may need to hold your SAT score for this review. Your score may not be available by the published release date for your test.




Section 7. Policies and Requirements




All College Board policies and requirements described in these rules, as well as those located at 
satsuite.collegeboard.org/sat/what-to-bring-do
, 
sat.org/test-security
, 
sat.org/scores
, and 
sat.org
, and linked information therein, are part of these rules.


College Board may update its policies and requirements from time to time. These updates may relate to the types of testing devices that you can use for the SAT. These policies can be changed up to 1 week prior to your test date. You must review these prior to each test.




Section 8. Intellectual Property—Ownership of Materials




All content contained within the SAT, practice SAT tests, the Student Question Bank, the Educator Question Bank, Bluebook, College Board's websites (
CollegeBoard.org
), and all software, processes, algorithms, and other technologies used in connection with these (called 
"CB Property"
) belong only to College Board and its licensors. You have no rights in or to CB Property other than a personal license to use CB Property for its intended purposes and subject to its terms.


Attempting to copy, download, decompile, or reverse engineer any CB Property is strictly prohibited. Taking pictures or screenshots of the SAT is strictly prohibited.


Test answers and other testing materials you submit to College Board are owned by College Board. You have an independent right to your test scores, including the right to access, retain, and use your scores, except as otherwise described in these rules.




Section 9. ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER




General Arbitration Rules (
"General Arbitration Rules"
)


All disputes between you and College Board (each a “party”) that relate in any way to registering for, participating in, or taking the SAT, including but not limited to requesting or receiving test accommodations, score reporting, the use of your data, test security issues, or the Score Validity Process (defined in the “Invalid Scores” section herein), will exclusively be resolved in binding arbitration or small claims court. By agreeing to arbitration in accordance with this section, you are waiving your right to have your dispute heard by a judge or jury except as set forth below. Disputes relating to the Score Validity Process are subject to both these General Arbitration Rules and the Supplemental Arbitration Rules defined in Section 9(b) below. If there is a conflict between the General Arbitration Rules and the Supplemental Arbitration Rules, the Supplemental Arbitration Rules will control.


Either party can seek to have a claim resolved in small claims court if the rules of that court will allow it. Additionally, if the claims asserted in any request or demand for arbitration could have been brought in small claims court, then either you or College Board may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before an arbitrator is appointed, by notifying the other party of that election in writing. Any dispute about whether a claim qualifies for small claims court will be resolved by that court and not by an arbitrator. In the event that either party elects to have their claims heard in small claims court, the arbitration proceeding will remain closed unless and until there is a decision by the small claims court that the claim should proceed in arbitration.


All claims that are not decided in small claims court must be resolved through binding, individual arbitration before a single arbitrator. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (
"AAA"
) under the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules, supplemented by the AAA Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules as applicable, in effect at the time a request for arbitration is filed with the AAA. Copies of the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules and the AAA Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules are located at 
adr.org
. The arbitrator will have the authority to resolve any dispute regarding the scope or enforceability of these Rules, except only a court can decide claims that a party violated the intellectual property rights of the other party. In addition, only a court can decide issues relating to (a) the pre-arbitration requirements contained in these Rules or (b) the interpretation of the prohibition of class and representative actions contained in these Rules.


Before commencing a small claims court or arbitration proceeding, that party (the "complainant") must provide the other party (the "respondent") with a written notice of dispute that includes the complainant's name and contact information, a detailed description of the dispute, relevant documents, the specific relief sought, and the complainant's physical signature (signature by counsel to the party is not sufficient). For purposes of clarity and as stated above, this includes disputes relating to the Score Validity Process set forth below in Subsection 9(b). If you are the complainant, send the notice of dispute by first class mail, FedEx, or UPS. Prior to September 2025, please address to Legal Department, 250 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10281. After September 2025, please address to Legal Department, 225 Liberty Street, New York, NY, 10281. Alternatively, you (or your counsel) can send the notice of dispute to 
[email protected]
. A member of College Board’s Legal Department will then contact you (or your counsel) to attempt to resolve the dispute through informal good faith negotiations as described below. College Board will send its notice of dispute to your address as reflected in College Board's records.


Also, before the complainant may commence a small claims court or arbitration proceeding, the parties must attempt to resolve the dispute through informal, good-faith negotiation. If the parties have not resolved the dispute within sixty (60) days of the respondent’s receipt of the written notice of dispute, the parties will mutually schedule a settlement conference which must occur within fourteen (14) days of the completion of the sixty (60) day period, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties. Each party must personally appear at the settlement conference (if a party is represented by counsel, their counsel may also participate), and appearances may be made telephonically or by video. If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute at the settlement conference, either party may commence arbitration or file a small claims court proceeding. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines will be tolled while the parties engage in this informal dispute resolution process. If any aspect of the requirements in this Subsection 9(a) has not been met, a court can enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration or the assessment of any arbitration fees. In addition, unless prohibited by law, the AAA cannot accept or administer an arbitration, nor assess any fees for an arbitration, that has not met the requirements of this Subsection 9(a). If the arbitration is already pending, it must be dismissed.


If the dispute proceeds to arbitration, the complainant must personally attend all arbitration conferences, hearings, and mediations scheduled by the AAA or by an arbitrator or mediator appointed by the AAA. If the complainant is represented by counsel, the complainant’s counsel may also participate, and all participation may be made telephonically or by video except as directed by the arbitrator or mediator. If a complainant fails to personally appear at any conference, hearing, or mediation scheduled by the AAA or by an AAA arbitrator or mediator, regardless of whether the complainant’s counsel attends, the arbitrator will administratively close the arbitration proceeding without prejudice, unless the complainant shows good cause as to why the complainant was not able to attend the conference, hearing, or mediation.


This arbitration will be conducted as a documents-only arbitration (i.e., there will be no in-person or telephonic hearing) unless otherwise agreed by the parties or required by the arbitrator. If the parties agree to or the arbitrator requires proceedings, such proceedings should be conducted at a location that is reasonably convenient to both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. If the parties are unable to agree on a location, the parties agree that the proceedings will be conducted via a video or telephonic call or, in the event that face-to-face proceedings are agreed to by the parties or required by the arbitrator, at a location that is reasonably convenient to both parties in accordance with the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules. The arbitrator may consider rulings in arbitrations involving other individuals, but an arbitrator's rulings will not be binding in proceedings involving different individuals. The existence and content of the arbitration proceedings, including documents and briefs submitted by the parties; any correspondence from the AAA; and correspondence, orders, and awards issued by the arbitrator, will remain strictly confidential and will not be disclosed to any third party without the express written consent from the other party, unless disclosure to the third party is reasonably required in the context of conducting the arbitration proceedings or related court proceedings.


For disputes meeting the definition of “Mass Arbitration” under the AAA Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules, the parties agree that the dispute is subject to the AAA’s Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules and the parties agree to the appointment of a Process Arbitrator, except as may otherwise be decided by the arbitrator or the AAA.


The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act (
"FAA"
) 9 U.S.C. § 1 
et seq.
 governs this section, and it is the intent of the parties that the FAA will preempt all State laws to the fullest extent permitted by law.


No arbitration may be maintained as a class or collective action; a party may bring a claim only on their own behalf and cannot seek a relief that would affect other individuals. Unless all parties agree otherwise, the arbitrator will not have the authority to consolidate the claims of more than 1 individual, conduct any class or collective proceeding, make any class or collective award, or make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration, without the express written consent of College Board.


Payment of all filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees and costs will be governed by the AAA's rules. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then College Board may seek applicable fee-shifting.




Supplemental Arbitration Rules for the Score Validity Process (
"Supplemental Arbitration Rules"
)
        
		
If you receive a notice from College Board that your scores are subject to the Score Validity Process, you may be provided with the option to choose arbitration. In addition to the General Arbitration Rules, except as set forth herein, the below rules will apply.


The sole issue for the arbitrator to decide is whether College Board acted in good faith and followed the Score Validity Process.


This arbitration will be based only on (i) the documents you submitted to College Board pursuant to the Score Validity Process and (ii) College Board documents unless otherwise agreed by the parties or required by the arbitrator.


If the arbitrator finds that College Board did not act in good faith in deciding to cancel your scores, your scores will not be canceled (or they will be reinstated, if applicable).


All other disputes with College Board will be resolved solely by the General Arbitration Rules in Subsection 9(a) above, except as set forth herein.






Section 10. Venue and Waiver of Jury Trial


All disputes (disagreements) arising from or related to these rules that are not resolved under Section 9 shall be resolved only in the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York State, and each party to these rules irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts. Each party expressly waives any right to a jury trial in any lawsuit arising from or related to these rules.


Section 11. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY


EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT FINALLY DETERMINED TO BE PROHIBITED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF COLLEGE BOARD TO YOU OR ANYONE CLAIMING BY OR THROUGH YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF, FOR ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, COSTS, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO COLLEGE BOARD, OR ANY TEST ADMINISTRATION BY COLLEGE BOARD, FROM ANY CAUSE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TEST REGISTRATION FEES YOU PAID TO COLLEGE BOARD (IF APPLICABLE) OR $100.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. IN ADDITION, COLLEGE BOARD WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY EVENT FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES.


Section 12. Disclaimer of Warranties


COLLEGE BOARD MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SAT, SAT CONTENT, OR THE APPLICATION INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION A WARRANTY THAT THE TESTING EXPERIENCE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. YOU ACCEPT THE SAT, SAT CONTENT, AND TESTING APPLICATION AS IS.


Section 13. Severability


If any provision or part of these rules is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will nevertheless continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way, and, to the extent possible, the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision shall be modified so that it is valid, legal, and enforceable and, to the fullest extent, reflects the intention of the parties.


Section 14. Restricted Registrations


College Board, along with our service providers overseas, is subject to U.S. economic sanctions, laws, and regulations and is prohibited from providing testing services to, or accepting registrations from, persons residing in certain areas or designated by the U.S. government as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (collectively, 
"Sanctioned Persons"
), unless specifically licensed or otherwise authorized by the U.S. government. You consent to use of your personally identifiable information by College Board to verify whether you are a Sanctioned Person. If a Sanctioned Person attempts to register despite U.S. sanctions that prohibit College Board from doing business with such Sanctioned Person, College Board or a U.S. financial institution may block the registration or payments submitted by or for such Sanctioned Persons. If payment is not blocked, College Board is required to cancel the registration and may not be able to refund the payment. Please contact SAT customer service at 866-756-7346 (+1-212-713-7789 internationally) or the website of the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) to obtain the current list of sanctioned programs and Sanctioned Persons.


Section 15. Accessibility of These Rules


If you have difficulty accessing these rules, including our policies and requirements, please contact College Board customer service at 866-756-7346 (+1-212-713-7789 internationally) or 
satsuite.collegeboard.org/contact-us
 in advance of registering for or taking the SAT. We will be happy to provide these rules in an alternative format or assist you in some other manner as reasonably necessary to enable you to access these rules.

























































