























 




Does My Website Really Need a Terms and Conditions Page? | FreshBooks Blog


















































































 












































 








































Invoicing & Expenses




Estimates and Proposals →


Expenses →


Invoicing and Payments →








Time Tracking & Projects




Client Relationships →


Project Management →


Time Tracking →








Accounting & Taxes




Accounting Partner Program →


Cash Flow →


Financial Reporting →


Managing Your Finances →


Tax Advice →








Case Studies& eBooks




Case Studies →


E-books →








Small Business Resources




Leadership →


Marketing →


Resource Hub →


Scaling Your Business →


Starting a Business →








FreshBooks News & Events




Culture and Events →


Product and Partner News →








What's FreshBooks?


Who's FreshBooks For?


Visit FreshBooks.com




















What's FreshBooks?


Who's FreshBooks For?


Visit FreshBooks.com


Try It Free
















 








Invoicing & 
Expenses








Invoicing and Expenses




Estimates and Proposals →


Expenses →


Invoicing and Payments →










LATEST STORIES








Want to Get Paid Sooner? Add FreshBooks Payments to Your Invoices








The Best Black Friday Deals for Small Business Owners (2022 Update)








Mind Your Expenses: 20 Costs of Running a Business








Here’s What You Need to Know About Proposals in FreshBooks


















Time Tracking & 
Projects








Time Tracking and Projects




Client Relationships →


Project Management →


Time Tracking →










LATEST STORIES








Freelancers Hiring Freelancers: How to Use Subcontractors to Grow Your Business








The Simplified Project Planning Guide for Small Businesses








Project Management and Billing Software Should Be Seamless, Not Siloed








Is It Time for a Price Increase? Here's How to Tell Your Clients


















Accounting 
& Taxes








Accounting & Taxes




Accounting Partner Program →


Cash Flow →


Financial Reporting →


Managing Your Finances →


Tax Advice →










LATEST STORIES








Financial Lock, Manual Bank Connections, and More New Features to Support Your Clients








FreshBooks for Accountants: 7 New and Updated Features for 2025








What Canada’s GST/HST Holiday Tax Break Means for Small Businesses








How Mackenzie and Natasha Bring Order to Chaos With FreshBooks, One Client at a Time


















Case Studies
& eBooks








Case Studies and E-books




Case Studies →


E-books →










LATEST STORIES








How FreshBooks Helps This Creative Agency Prevent Cash Flow Challenges








2025 Small Business Tax Trends [Free Report]








How Mackenzie and Natasha Bring Order to Chaos With FreshBooks, One Client at a Time








The Business Owner’s Guide to Collaborative Accounting™ [free e-book]


















Small Business 
Resources








Small Business Resources




Leadership →


Marketing →


Resource Hub →


Scaling Your Business →


Starting a Business →










LATEST STORIES








What Small Business Owners Need to Know About the “One Big Beautiful Bill”








The Ultimate Guide to AI for Small Businesses: Tools, Tips, and Real Results








Small Business, Big Stress: How to Support Your Mental Health as a Small Business Owner








Trying to Grow Revenue? Start Investing in Employees


















FreshBooks News 
& Events








FreshBooks News & Events




Culture and Events →


Product and Partner News →










LATEST STORIES








What’s New in FreshBooks? Manual Bank Connections, Financial Lock, and More








Now You Can Pay Your Entire Team, Including Contractors, Using FreshBooks Payroll








Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) Is the Protection You Deserve








What’s New in FreshBooks – 2024




















 
 












 


 
 
close
































Blog
 
Marketing
 
Small Business Resources
 


Does My Website Really Need a Terms and Conditions Page?




You've spent weeks perfecting the messaging for your business website. Do you need a terms and conditions page on top of everything else?




 




Marketing










 




 




 








You are in the process of building a beautiful website for your business—when the developer asks for your terms and conditions page.


You’ve spent weeks perfecting the landing page messaging, your bio, and other copy. A dull project like this hasn’t even crossed your mind.


Isn’t that just legal mumbo jumbo at the bottom of websites? Does anyone even read it? You’re just a small business. Do you really need to create a terms and conditions page for your website?


That’s a great question. The short answer: Not technically, but you probably should. For a detailed answer, keep reading.




Table of Contents






Website Terms and Conditions Overview


Arguably the dullest page on your website, the terms and conditions page sets the rules for using your website. While most websites seem to have one, there’s actually no legal requirement for defining terms and conditions.


(NOTE: If you are gathering users’ personal data, you are required by law to have a formal privacy policy—even if you don’t have a terms and conditions page.)


Website terms and conditions may not be required by law, but it’s still a smart thing to include.


These pages can limit your liability should a customer take you to court, as well as protect your rights to the content contained on your website.


If you’re ever facing a legal dispute, a court will look at your website terms to determine the contractual terms between you and the customer—and, depending on how your website terms and conditions are written, it could provide legal protection against the dispute. When creating this page, you’ll want to approach it with the goal of having such information hold up in court.




Basic Elements of Terms and Conditions


The specific content included in website terms and conditions will be unique to your business and website type. However, you’ll find common themes woven throughout, despite your industry.


Let’s discuss some of the basic elements you’ll need to include.


Limit Liability


You’ll need a basic disclaimer removing your liability for any errors in your web content. Generally, it’s a clause that says you can’t be held responsible for any errors that are included in the content on your website.


For websites that allow visitors to post content to your website (a.k.a. user-generated content), you need language that limits your liability from offensive postings. Add a disclaimer that you don’t endorse users and aren’t responsible for the statements made by third parties in user-generated content or elsewhere.


Copyright


Regardless of what your website does, you should always include a notice about copyright to protect your intellectual property rights. For example, “Copyright ©2023. 
yourwebsite.com
.”


Trademark Notice


Similar to adding a notice about copyright, if your company holds any trademarks (e.g., your company name), you’ll also want to include such information in your website terms and conditions.


Privacy Policy


If you are collecting any information from your customers (such as email addresses or credit card information), you need to post a privacy policy. This outlines how the information will be used or not used.


This is the only part of the website terms and conditions that is legally required. Check out 
Yahoo’s privacy policy
 for a good example.


Set Governing Law


Your website terms and conditions should also mention where your website is operating from in the terms and conditions agreement of the governing law (state/province and country).


For example, 
“These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of California.”










Related Articles
10 Ways to Create a Simple and Effective Client Contract
12 Simple Ways Improving Compliance Can Help Grow Your Business
9 Strategies to Gain a Competitive Edge








Click Wrap Agreement


In order to increase their legal protection, some websites are opting to add a click wrap agreement to their website terms and conditions. With a click wrap agreement, users need to expressly agree to the website’s terms and conditions by clicking “I agree” (or something similar) before accessing the website’s services online. Once they click “I agree,” they enter a binding contract to abide by the website’s terms and conditions—even if they don’t actually read the entire document.


Now, it’s worth noting that 
how
 legally binding these agreements are is up for debate. They don’t always hold up in court—but they do add an extra layer of protection, so if you’re concerned about potential lawsuits, it’s definitely something to consider.


Other Elements


Depending on your business type and the content you plan to feature or services you plan to offer on your website, here are some elements you may want to add to your customized terms and conditions:




Contact information


Payment terms


Delivery terms


Refund and return policy


Statement of a right to refuse service


Termination clause


Permitted use statement


Cookies policy (explaining how the website uses cookies)




Ways to Create Website Terms and Conditions


Although it can seem a bit overwhelming, when it comes to how to create terms and conditions for your website, the process is fairly straightforward.


There are 3 common ways to create your terms (depending on your business, some ways will be better than others):


1. Don’t Copy Another Site


The idea behind this solution is that every company has a terms and conditions page, and no one seems to ever read it. So why not just lift the wording from other websites that seem to know what they’re doing? Can’t you just use website terms from another site (e.g., a similar company)?


Spoiler alert: As tempting as this may be, it’s not a good idea.


For starters, taking content that’s not in the public domain is copyright infringement. More importantly, if you took another website’s terms and conditions document, you may not be able to rely on it to protect your business in court.


While you can’t copy others’ pages, it’s smart to 
look at examples
 from businesses similar to yours. This will give you a sense of what you need to include in your own website’s terms.


2. Use a Terms and Conditions Generator


There are plenty of websites that will generate terms and conditions for you. So there’s no real excuse to ever copy from another site anyway. Simply Google 
“terms and conditions for website generator”
 and you’ll see countless options to choose from.


These sites will put together basic terms and conditions for you, and in many cases, this will be a perfectly suitable option—particularly if you are not actually conducting any business from your website (i.e., your website only advertises your services).


3. Enlist the Help of an Attorney


In some cases, you’ll want to have a lawyer create (or at least review) your website terms and conditions to make sure they meet the specific needs of your business, as well as what you intend your website visitors to do with the site.


Generally speaking, small businesses should think about getting an attorney if they are:




Involved in e-commerce (i.e., if they actually transact business on their e-commerce site vs. just marketing)


Gathering users’ personal data


Merchandising or marketing their own intellectual property online


Talking to an audience under 13




For the last one, special rules and security measures apply for marketing to minors, and you’ll want to make sure you’re not only compliant with the applicable law—but that your website terms reflect this.


You don’t necessarily need to have your own lawyer to get good terms and conditions drawn up. You can get affordable legal services from an online provider and that will typically be sufficient for this situation.




Frequently Asked Questions


Still have some questions about website terms and conditions? Let’s jump into some FAQs:


How Do I Add Terms and Conditions to My Website?


There are a few different ways to add terms and conditions to your website.


As mentioned earlier, one way is by adding a click wrap agreement. With this type of agreement, you would add your website terms and conditions to a pop up or landing page—and users need to click “I agree” before they access your website.


Another way is what’s called a browse wrap agreement. With this type of agreement, you would add a link to your terms and conditions somewhere on your website (generally, in the footer)—and users can browse for the terms and click on the link if and when they choose.


There’s no right or wrong way to add terms and conditions to your website. Ultimately, you need to explore all the options and choose which feels best for your site and your business.


What’s the Difference Between “Terms and Conditions” and “Terms of Use?”


Technically? Nothing. There are no legal requirements around how to specifically label a website’s terms. So long as it’s easily identifiable, it will work. While terms and conditions is arguably the most common term, some websites may opt to title their terms “Terms of Use” or something similar.


Do I Have to Add a Terms and Conditions Page to My Website?


You don’t. As mentioned, while you aren’t legally required to add website terms and conditions, doing so offers a variety of benefits, including limiting your liability and protecting your intellectual property.


Summary: What You Need to Know


While not legally necessary unless you’re collecting user data, it is wise to have a terms and conditions statement for your website. After all, you likely 
have some for you how you collect payments
 if you’re running your own business. It’s not complicated to put one together, and you can use either an online generator or an affordable attorney service.


Chances are that no one will ever read your website terms and conditions, but they will certainly come in handy should any issues arise.


This post was updated in December 2022.












 




Written by
						
Deanna deBara
, Freelance Contributor					


Posted on October 24, 2017










Freshly picked for you






 
Moving Your Business Online: The Essential How-To Guide






 
The Top 7 Reasons Why You Should Consider a Medium Blog for Business






 
5 Tactics to Build a Bigger Email List for Your Small Business






 
12 Simple Ways Improving Compliance Can Help Grow Your Business






 
9 Strategies to Gain a Competitive Edge






 
10 Ways to Create a Simple and Effective Client Contract












 




















Get a newsletter that helps you think differently about your business.










 












 












 




 








 




 




 




 












Invoicing and Expenses




Estimates and Proposals


Expenses


Invoicing and Payments








Time Tracking and Projects




Client Relationships


Project Management


Time Tracking








Accounting & Taxes




Accounting Partner Program


Cash Flow


Financial Reporting


Managing Your Finances


Tax Advice








Case Studies and E-books




Case Studies


E-books








Small Business Resources




Leadership


Marketing


Resource Hub


Scaling Your Business


Starting a Business








FreshBooks News & Events




Culture and Events


Product and Partner News








FreshBooks Product Features




Invoice Software


Expense Tracking


Time Tracking


Accept Payments Online


Financial Reporting


Projects


Estimates


Mobile Apps








About FreshBooks




FreshBooks.com


Contact Us


Sign Up for the Blog Newsletter




















 
















Thanks for subscribing to the FreshBooks Blog Newsletter.










Expect the first one to arrive in your inbox in the next two weeks. Happy reading!







				Close
				















