





































































































































Terms of Use | Wix.com
























































































Product
CREATION
Website design
Create your site with intuitive design features.
Website templates
Choose from 900+ website templates.
AI website builder
Create your site in no time with AI.
BUSINESS
eCommerce
Run & grow your eCommerce website.
Scheduling
Manage appointments, staff & clients.
Restaurant
Manage your menus, orders, and reservations.
Blog
Share ideas & grow your traffic.
Portfolio
Showcase your work with an online portfolio.
ESSENTIALS
Domain names
Buy & register a domain for your website.
Web hosting
Get secure & reliable website hosting.
Website security
Get enterprise-grade security for your site.
Solutions
MANAGEMENT
Payment solutions
Accept & manage payments online.
Mobile app
Run your business on the go from your mobile.
All business features
Explore all business management features.
CRM system
Build & manage customer relationships.
Website analytics
Get reports with actionable data & insights.
GROWTH
Email marketing
Create email marketing campaigns.
SEO tools
Optimize your website for search engines.
All marketing features
Explore all growth and marketing features.
WIX STUDIO
Agencies & freelancers
Deliver exceptional client websites at scale.
Developers
Build sites & apps and offer dev services.
Enterprise
Discover solutions for large-scale businesses.
Resources
EXPLORE
Wix Blog
Read the latest industry tips and trends.
AI features
Discover all the ways to create and grow with AI.
Web design inspiration
Explore designs by other Wix users.
SUPPORT
Help Center
Find the answers and support you need.
Hire a professional
Get expert help with your site & business.
TOOLS
Logo Maker
Create a custom logo for your brand.
Business Name Generator
Get name ideas for your business.
Free business tools
Explore tools to help you run & grow your business.
FEATURED ARTICLE
Learn how to create a website 
→
Pricing
Wixel
Wix Studio
Enterprise










top of page
Wix has updated its General Terms of Use as of [date of publication].

If you created your account prior to [date of publication], the changes will be effective as of [enter future date- ~ 2 weeks from publications]. Learn More
Wix.com Terms of Use
Last Revised: August 24, 2025
(
Previous versio
n
)
Welcome to Wix.com’s Terms of Use! We are truly excited to have you aboard. Thank you for choosing to use our services.




Below we have listed important legal terms that apply to anyone who visits our website or uses our services. These terms are necessary in order to protect both you and us and to make our services possible and more enjoyable for everyone. Wix offers a wide range of services and features and part of the terms below may not be relevant to the specific services you use.




We understand that legal terms can be exhausting to read, and we’ve tried to make the experience more pleasant. If you have suggestions on how we can improve them, you are welcome to 
contact us
.
1. Introduction
1.1. Our Purpose
Our services offer our Users (as defined below) the ability to easily create a beautiful and highly functional online presence, manage and promote businesses, content, and ideas, and have an overall great experience doing so – even without being tech-savvy or a design guru. As detailed below, we offer our users numerous tools and features for creating, publishing, and use of stunning websites, online e-commerce platforms, newsletters, galleries, media players, mobile apps, and other online and mobile applications, tools, and services. The online, and mobile websites, functionalities, designs and platforms created by Users are collectively referred to herein as 
“User Platform(s)”
.
#ItsThatEasy
Wix.com offers online and mobile services and tools, that let create, manage and or/use your own online and mobile presence.
1.2. Legal Agreement
These Wix.com Terms of Use (
“Terms of Use”
), together with such additional terms which specifically apply to some of our services and features as presented on the Wix.com website(s) (
“Wix Website”
, and collectively – the 
“Wix Terms”
), set forth the entire terms and conditions applicable to each visitor or user (
“User”
 or 
“you”
) of the Wix Website, the Wix mobile application (the “Wix App”) and/or any other services, applications and features offered by us with respect thereto, except where we explicitly state otherwise (all services offered through the Wix Website or the Wix App, collectively – the 
“Wix Services”
 or 
“Services”
). For the avoidance of doubt, Wix Services (as defined in these Terms of Use) do not include services, applications, features, or components that were built, developed, connected or offered by a Wix User, even if presented on the Wix Website or the Wix App.




The Wix Terms constitute a binding and enforceable legal contract between Wix.com Ltd. and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries worldwide (
“Wix”
, 
“us”
 or 
“we”
) and you in relation to the use of any Wix Services - so please read them carefully.




You may visit and/or use the Wix Services and/or the Wix App only if you fully agree to the Wix Terms - and by using and/or registering to any of the Wix Services, you signify and affirm your informed consent to these Terms of Use and any other Wix Terms applicable to your use of any Wix Services. If you do not read, or fully understand or if you do not agree to the Wix Terms, you must immediately leave the Wix Website and avoid or discontinue all use of the Wix Services or Wix App.




By using our Services, you also acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy available at our 
Privacy Policy
.
#ItsThatEasy
By visiting our website or using our application and/or services, you are entering into a legal agreement with us, consisting of these Terms of Use, and our additional services’ legal terms. By using our services, you signify your consent to these terms and you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy. You may not use our services if you do not consent to all our terms.
Home












bottom of page






























































































































The Wix website builder offers a complete solution from enterprise-grade infrastructure and business features to advanced SEO and marketing tools–enabling anyone to create and grow online.
About
Contact Us
Product
Website Templates
Website Builder
Website Design
Wix Features
App Market
Web Hosting
Domain Names
Website Accessibility
Mobile App Builder
Solutions
Online Store
Online Booking
Restaurant Website
Blog Website
Portfolio Website
eCommerce Website
Wix Studio
Enterprise Solutions
Student Website
Professional Tools
Logo Maker
Learn
Wix Blog
Privacy and Security Hub
SEO Learning Hub
Wix Encyclopedia
Support
Help Center
Hire a Professional
Report Abuse
System Status
Company
Channel Partnerships
Press & Media
Investor Relations
Wix Capital
Accessibility Statement
Patent Notice
Sitemap
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2006-2025 Wix.com, Inc



































