















terms-and-conditions
































































































×

























                Welcome to the 
! Please enjoy our special offers for you
              




Refer Friends & Co-Workers Now






SPECIAL OFFERS

































					Support
					













					For Business
					






















Samsung




































Search










Search






















Sign In/Sign Up













































					Shop
					













					Mobile
					













					TV & AV
					













					Appliances
					













					Computing & Displays
					













					Audio
					













					Wearables
					













					Accessories
					

















					Support
					













					For Business
					




















Search










Search










Navigate to Cart


















Manage Account






















Manage Account




























































Hamburger
























































































































































































Your cart is empty.





					OK
				






Layer Popup Close




















Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.





					OK
				






Layer Popup Close














Remove a Product


Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.
Are you sure to remove this product?





					Move to wish list
				



					Delete
				






Layer Popup Close














Check Preferences


Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.




YES


LATER






Close Check Preferences




























































































Search Form




















Clear








search.common.labels.close






















No suggestions










SUGGESTED SEARCHES














Popular Searches














Recent searches
















Related products














Recommended














































SAMSUNG TRADE-IN PROGRAM TERMS






These Samsung Trade-In Program Terms (“Terms”) are an agreement between you and Samsung Electronics America, Inc. (“Samsung”). Read these Terms carefully before participating in the Trade-In-Program. By participating in the Trade-In Program, you accept and are bound by these Terms.



 1. Overview




Subject to these Terms, you may trade in an eligible device such as a smartphone, wearable, tablet, headphones, laptops or other devices (the “Trade-in Device”) and receive a credit from Samsung to use toward the purchase of certain Samsung products as offered from time to time by Samsung (“New Samsung Product”). This Trade-In Program is only available for New Samsung Products purchased online via Samsung’s website at 
www.samsung.com
  or through the Shop Samsung App (the “App”). When you place your order, Samsung’s website or the App will display a Trade-In Value for your selected Trade-In Device. To receive the Trade-In Value as displayed, you must send your Trade-In Device to Samsung within fifteen (15) days of receiving your New Samsung Product unless Samsung has specified a different time period in a Promotion (defined below). You must also meet all of the requirements as provided in these Terms, including the Device Eligibility Requirements in Section 5 below. You may incur additional charges if you do not ship your Trade-In Device to Samsung within the required time period, if your Trade-In Device fails to meet all of the Device Eligibility Requirements or if you otherwise do not comply with these Terms. See Sections 4 and 5 below for further details. From time to time, Samsung may offer limited time trade-in promotions or special device trials (“Promotions”) with terms and eligibility requirements that may differ from those described here. Please refer to our website for the most up to date Promotions and related terms.



When you complete your order, Samsung will ship your New Samsung Product to you. If your New Samsung Product is a smartphone, you should activate your new device and transfer your data, contacts, and other information, before you ship your Trade-In Device to us. You can transfer your information from the Trade-In Device to your new device using Samsung Cloud, a data cable, or any of the other methods described in the documentation that accompanies your New Samsung Product. You must then ship your Trade-In Device to Samsung.  To participate, you must have a Samsung Account. Opening an account is free, but subject to terms and conditions (
http://support-us.samsung.com/mysamsung/v2/popup/terms.html
). If you bought your Trade-In Device under an equipment installment plan or other financing plan or if you entered into a two-year service contract with your wireless service provider, you will be responsible for any and all remaining payments under such plan or contract, including any contract termination fees.  Leased devices are not eligible for this Trade-In Program unless and until you purchase the leased device from your wireless service provider prior to trading it in, which may involve additional fees and payments. You may not participate in this Trade-In Program if you lease or otherwise do not own the device you would be trading in.



You may only have four outstanding Trade-in Devices per household at any given time. If you try to purchase more New Samsung Products under the Trade-in Program when you already have four Trade-in Devices that needs to be shipped to Samsung, those additional purchases will be placed on hold until the first Trade-in Device for your first New Samsung Product purchase is received at which time the first-in-line additional purchase will be processed. After such additional purchase is processed and the corresponding Trade-in Device is received and processed by Samsung, the next-in-line additional purchase will be processed, continuing in such manner until all additional purchases have been processed and all corresponding Trade-in Devices have been received and processed..



 If you return your New Samsung Product in accordance with Samsung’s return policy, under no circumstances will you receive any refund or other value for the Trade-In Device credit that was deducted from the purchase price of your New Samsung Product at the time of purchase, even if you have already shipped your Trade-In Device to Samsung.



 2. Ship Us Your Trade-In Device




Samsung will provide you a prepaid shipping label and instructions to send us your Trade-In Device. You must follow the instructions Samsung provides, including using any traceable shipment method required by Samsung. If you lose or discard the shipping label, please contact us. If you do not have convenient access to a FedEx Ship Center location, you may send the Trade-In Device using a different shipper, but you must include the bottom half of the prepaid shipping label provided to you in the box so we can track your order. Unless a different time period applies under the terms of a Promotion, your Trade-In Device must be shipped to Samsung within fifteen (15) days after the date you receive your New Samsung Product under the Trade-In Program. Samsung will consider your Trade-In Device received as of the date you transfer it to Samsung’s authorized shipping provider with the prepaid return label Samsung sent you. Please retain your shipment receipt and tracking number. By shipping the device to Samsung, you agree to transfer title and ownership of the device to Samsung. You disclaim any and all right, title or interest in and to the Trade-In Device, including the right to sell, dispose, or otherwise collect, where applicable, its value. You should ship only the Trade-In Device, including S-Pens for phones, to Samsung. Do not send accessories, keyboard covers, watch straps, chargers, memory or SIM cards. If you trade in a tablet or laptop, do not send the included S-Pen. Samsung will not return any accessories shipped with your Trade-In Device. Discard accessories you no longer need in accordance with your local trash and recycling regulations. No trade in value is offered on anything other than your Trade-In Device itself.



 3. Remove Your Data and Unlock Your Trade-In Device



You must remove all data, including all confidential and personal data, from your Trade-In Device before returning it to Samsung. You must also disable factory reset protection and any activation locks by removing Google, iCloud or other personal cloud backup and restore accounts. To do so, you should return the device to its factory settings within the settings menu of the device. Refer to the user manual or 
support page
 on Samsung's website for how to do a factory reset on your Trade-In Device. It is your sole responsibility to back-up any files or data from your Trade-In Device that you wish to retain prior to performing a factory data reset and before trading in your Trade-In Device. Samsung does not accept any responsibility or liability for any lost files or data or disclosure of private information that has not been removed from your Trade-In Device prior to return. In addition, make sure that you remove all accessories, covers, cases, locks, SIM cards and memory cards before sending the device. Samsung will not return any items shipped with your Trade-In Device.



 4. Additional Charges May Apply



If you do not ship your Trade-In Device to Samsung within fifteen (15) days after the date you receive your New Samsung Product, or, if applicable, a different time period specified for a Promotion, then Samsung will charge you for the full amount of the Trade-In Value that was applied to the purchase of your New Samsung Product (“Non-Return Charge”). If your Trade-In Device does not meet all of the requirements in Section 5, Device Eligibility Requirements, then Samsung will not provide you any trade-in value ($00.00) and will charge you the Trade-In Value that was applied to the purchase of your New Samsung Product (“Device Condition Charge”), unless you request that Samsung return your Trade-In Device as described in Section 7 below. You agree to pay the Non-Return Charge or the Device Condition Charge if either such charge applies. If applicable, you authorize Samsung to charge the Non-Return Charge or the Device Condition Charge to the same credit card or other payment method you used to purchase your New Samsung Product. If you do not have sufficient credit available, Samsung will notify you and you must provide an alternative payment method.



 5. Device Eligibility Requirements




You may trade in only one (1) device under this Trade-In Program for each new Samsung product you purchase, or if you are purchasing a new Samsung product that is eligible for multiple device trade-in then you may trade in multiple devices as specified during checkout. Device model eligibility (for both the Trade-in Device and the New Samsung Product) and Trade-In Value are determined by Samsung in its sole discretion and may vary depending on the time of purchase. Please refer to our website for the most up to date information on eligible devices and Trade-In Value. Your Trade-In Device must meet all of the requirements stated in this Section 5 (“Device Eligibility Requirements”), as determined by Samsung in its sole discretion. If your Trade-In Device is a set of headphones, they must be fully functional, meaning that audio can be clearly registered from both sides of the headphones. If you are trading any other device, the following requirements apply:  



a) Your Trade-In Device must power on, hold a charge and not power off unexpectedly;



b) Your Trade-In Device must have a functioning display with no black spots or pixilation of any kind;



c) Unless a Cracked device Offer applies under Section 6 below, your Trade-In Device must have no breaks or cracks, or other defects that go beyond normal wear and tear, including but not limited to: multiple scratches, dents, or dings; evidence of water damage; or corroded charging port, SIM, or battery terminal contacts;



d) Your Trade-In Device must not be on a banned list of any kind;
 
e) Your Trade-In Device must not have a damaged or swollen battery. A battery is swollen if your device screen or case begins to warp around your battery and bulges around the center. If your device does not fully charge, if the battery runs hot while charging, or if your device needs to be charged multiple times during the day, it could mean that your battery is damaged.




f) At the time of trade-in, you must be the owner of the Trade-In Device, as leased devices are not eligible;



g) Reactivation Lock, Google Factory Reset Protection, or any other anti-theft locking software must be disabled on your Trade-In Device;



h) Before shipping your Trade-In Device to Samsung, you must perform a factory reset on it and remove all personal information (as described in Section 3 above); and



i) Your Trade-In Device must be labeled with an FCC ID to show that it is certified for use in the United States under applicable FCC regulations. The FCC ID number can usually be found printed somewhere on the mobile device. Sometimes it may be necessary to remove the battery pack to find the number. The FCC ID number can also be found in the user manual for each device.



j) Your trade-in device must have a fully functioning charging port that is able to support charging & data transfer.




 6. Cracked device Offers



In its sole discretion, from time to time Samsung may offer to accept certain model devices with cracks to the glass on the front (and back, if applicable) as devices that are eligible for trade-in (“Cracked device Offers”). The Offer is only available if the Trade-In Value for your selected Trade-In Device displayed on Samsung’s website or the App states that the value displayed is for the specified model device with a crack. If you select a Cracked device Offer at the time you purchase your New Samsung Product, then the Device Eligibility Requirement stated in Section 5.c above will not apply. Samsung will accept your Trade-In Device as eligible for trade-in even though it is cracked, if and only if, your Trade-In Device meets all other Device Eligibility Requirements in Section 5.






7. Right to disable New Samsung Product



Failure to Provide an Eligible Trade-in Device
If Samsung does not receive your Trade-In Device, or if the Trade-In Device does not meet the Device Eligibility Requirements or otherwise match the description you have provided, Samsung reserves the right to disable your New Samsung Product remotely. Disabling will prevent all further use of the New Samsung Product. When a device is locked, it will display the steps required to unlock it, along with a phone number you can call for support. If you believe we have disabled your device in error, please contact Samsung.



 8. Returns of Rejected Trade in Devices
.



If your Trade-In Device is rejected, Samsung may, in its sole discretion, offer to return your Trade-In Device to you, subject to the following conditions and any others that Samsung may specify to you at the time of such offer to return:  



• You must notify Samsung within 7 days of Samsung’s written offer to return the Trade-In Device to you.



• Rejected Trade-In Devices may be shipped only to the original return address provided at the time of purchase and may not be shipped to any other address.



• Once accepted, you cannot cancel a request to return your rejected Trade-In Device.



• Your rejected Trade-In Device will be returned restored to factory settings and with all data wiped from the device.



• If your rejected Trade-in Device has a damaged or swollen battery, it is unsafe to ship and cannot be returned to you.



• A signature is required on delivery. If Samsung’s authorized carrier cannot complete the delivery, the rejected Trade-In Device will be returned to Samsung and Samsung will not attempt to return your rejected Trade-In Device to you a second time.



• After returning your rejected Trade-In Device to you, Samsung will charge your payment account for the full Trade-In Device credit received at the time of your purchase of your New Samsung Product, plus any applicable taxes.  



If you do not agree to such conditions or if you do not respond to Samsung’s offer to return your rejected Trade-In Device within the period of time that Samsung specifies in the offer to return such device, then your Trade-In Device will not be returned to you under any conditions, even if you return your New Samsung Product.  If Samsung accepts and does not reject your Trade-In Device, your Trade-In Device will not be returned to you under any circumstances.



In addition, if you return your New Samsung Product, whether your Trade-In Device is accepted by Samsung or not, you will not receive any refund or other value for the Trade-In Device credit that was deducted from the purchase price of your New Samsung Product.



 9. You Are Responsible for Any Remaining Payments



If you bought your Trade-In Device under an equipment installment plan or other financing plan or if you entered into a two-year service contract with your wireless service provider, you will be responsible for any and all remaining payments under such plan or contract, including any contract termination fees. As mentioned above, from time to time, Samsung may offer Promotions with terms and eligibility requirements that may differ from those described here.  Please refer to our website for the most up to date Promotions and related terms.



 10. End-Users Only



The Samsung Trade-In Program is only available to consumers who will use their New Samsung Product for personal, household, family, or bona fide business end use. Accordingly, you (i) acknowledge that New Samsung Products purchased through the Samsung Trade-In Program are not intended for resale, (ii) represent that you are not purchasing New Samsung Products with the intention of reselling such New Samsung Products, and (iii) represent that you are not acting on behalf of any person or entity that intends to resell New Samsung Products you purchase. If Samsung reasonably determines that you are in the business of reselling New Samsung Products, then, in addition to any other remedies available (including our right to refuse to ship to you and cancel your participation in the Trade-In Program), you will be charged for the full amount of any Trade-In Value or other promotional value that was applied to the purchase of your New Samsung Product or granted to you subsequent to the purchase, plus applicable taxes. You agree to pay any such charges and authorize Samsung to make such charge to the same credit card or other payment method you used to purchase your New Samsung Products. If you do not have sufficient credit available, Samsung will notify you and you must provide an alternative payment method.



 11. Miscellaneous Additional Terms



• The Trade-In Program is offered and administered by Samsung.



• You must be at least eighteen (18) years old to participate in the Trade-In Program.



• The Trade-In Program cannot be combined with any other promotions, discounts, or offers unless specifically provided for in the terms and conditions of such offers.



• By participating in the Trade-In Program, you understand and agree that it may be necessary for Samsung, its affiliates and agents, to collect, process, transmit, maintain, share, and use certain of your personal information, such as your name, address, and information related to your method of payment, to perform the service and support obligations under the Trade-In Program. You may receive Trade-In Program-related communications from Samsung, its affiliates and agents, such as notices regarding additional charges described in Section 4. You may also receive requests to participate in surveys or marketing communications from Samsung and/or its affiliates related to the Trade-In Program or other offers. At all times, Samsung will treat your information in accordance with the Samsung Privacy Policy, available at 
www.samsung.com/us/privacy
.



• If any provision (or part of any provision) of these Terms is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, such term shall, insofar as it is severable from the remaining terms, be deemed omitted from these Terms and shall in no way affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining terms.



• A copy of these Terms will be emailed to you. If you do not have an email account, you should retain a copy of these Terms and any sales receipt or other materials relevant to your purchase provided to you. You may also review the most recent version of these Terms by visiting 
https://www.samsung.com/us/trade-in/terms-and-conditions
.



• Samsung reserves the right to substitute, change, cancel or add to any part of these Terms at any time, including terminating the Trade-In Program or modifying these Terms.



• We reserve the right to decline or cancel your participation in the Trade-In Program, with or without advance notice, if we believe that your participation is enabling a fraudulent or illegal purpose.



• The Trade-In Program is available only to customers residing in the fifty U.S. states and the District of Columbia and is not available in other locations.



• Neither Trade-In Program eligibility nor the Trade-In Value offered by Samsung are transferrable to any other person or entity.



• You may return the New Samsung Product you purchased under this Trade-In Program in accordance with Samsung's Returns and Refunds Policy (or in the case of in-person purchases made at Samsung Galaxy Studios, you must return the New Samsung Product that you purchased under this Trade-In Program to the Samsung Galaxy Studio from which the device was purchased within 30 days of such purchase). If a refund is owed to you, the refund will be credited to you using the same payment method that you used when you completed your initial order with us.  However, as set forth in Section 7 above, if you return your New Samsung Product after shipping Samsung your Trade-In Device and if your Trade-In Device is accepted and not rejected by Samsung, Samsung will not return your Trade-In Device to you. Further, you will not receive any refund or other value for the Trade-In Device credit that was deducted from the purchase price of your New Samsung Product.



Last Updated: August 3, 2022























Footer Navigation






Shop




open
















Phones






Tablets






Watches






Accessories






Mobile Audio






TV & Home Theater






Computing






Monitors






Memory & Storage






Home Appliances






Smart Home






Samsung Experience Store






Apps & Services







                           Shop Certified Re-Newed
                           












Samsung Authorized Reseller Program
















Support




open
















Chat with Us






Product Help






Order Help






Your Account






Register Your Product






Request a Repair






Contact Us






Samsung Community








CEO’s Office







                           Give Feedback
                           














Slide-in Electric Range Recall


















Offers




open
















Offers






Samsung Rewards






Referral Program






Student & Education Offer Program






Government Offer Program






Military Offer Program






Employee Offer Program






First Responders Offer Program






Business Offer Program






Galaxy Campus Store
















Sustainability




open

















                        Overview
                        







                        Environment
                        







                        Digital Responsibility
                        







                           Security and Privacy
                        







                        Accessibility
                        







                        Labor & Human Rights
                        







                        Belonging & Culture 
                        







                        Sustainable Supply Chain
                        







                        Corporate Citizenship
                        













                           Corporate Sustainability
                           


















About Us




open

















                        Leadership & Mission
                        







                        Our Business
                     







                        Brand Identity
                     







                        Careers
                     







                           Investor Relations
                           













                           Newsroom
                           













                        Ethics
                     







                           Samsung Design
                           


























Copyright© 1995-2025 SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved.







                  USA/ENGLISH
                  





















































                  USA/ENGLISH
                  
















Privacy






Do Not Sell or Share My Personal information






Consumer Health Data Privacy Statement






Legal






Accessibility Help






Sitemap










STAY IN THE LOOP?























































































































            Fast, easy checkout with Shop Samsung App
            



            Easy sign-in, Samsung Pay, notifications, and more!
            






Get the app







            Or continue shopping on Samsung.com
            
















×














The Shop Samsung app


Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.






GET












×














The Shop Samsung app


Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.






GET














×




You Are About To Be Redirected To Investor Relations Information for U.S.

            Thank you for visiting Samsung U.S. Investor Relations. You will be redirected via a new browser window to the Samsung Global website for U.S. investor relations information.
            


CANCEL
CONTINUE














×




Redirect Notification

            As of Nov. 1, 2017, the Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. printer business and its related affiliates were transferred to HP Inc.
            



            For more information, please visit HP's website: 
http://www.hp.com/go/samsung








* For Samsung Supplies information go to: 
www.hp.com/go/samsungsupplies


* For S.T.A.R. Program cartridge return & recycling go to: 
www.hp.com/go/suppliesrecycling


* For Samsung printer support or service go to: 
www.hp.com/support/samsung






Select CONTINUE to visit HP's website.




CANCEL
CONTINUE





































