



































General Terms & Conditions for Online Services | Wolters Kluwer
































































































 















                        Only limited material is available in the selected language. 
All content is available on the global site.






Close






















 










About Wolters Kluwer










Solutions Directory






Careers






Investors










Select Language





















                                Wolters Kluwer
                            



                                Wolters Kluwer is a global leader in information, software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG.
                            










About Us










Who We Are






Organization






Strategy






Newsroom












Insights










Artificial Intelligence






Future Ready Accountant






Future Ready Healthcare






Future Ready Lawyer






Business Transformation






Data Analytics & Reporting






Decision Making & Productivity






Risk & Regulatory Compliance






Business Insights Hub












Get Help










Contact Us






Login






eShop & Bookstores














Solutions Directory






Careers






Investors










Select Language






































PrimaryNav Button
 














 














Search Wolters Kluwer












No Suggestion




































 
















 








Visit our 
global site
 in English, or select an alternative location or language below
 



























                                                            Americas
                                                        























                                                            Europe
                                                        























                                                            Asia & Pacific
                                                        






























Brazil




Home page:








Portuguese


























Canada




Home page:








English










French


























Latin America




Home page:








Spanish


























United States




Home page:








English












Current Page:








English






































Belgium




Home page:








Dutch










French


























Czech Republic




Home page:








Czech


























Denmark




Home page:








Denmark


























France




Home page:








French


























Germany




Home page:








German


























Hungary




Home page:








Hungarian


























Italy




Home page:








Italian


























Netherlands




Home page:








Dutch


























Norway




Home page:








Norwegian


























Poland




Home page:








Polish


























Portugal




Home page:








Portuguese


























Romania




Home page:








Romanian


























Slovakia




Home page:








Slovak


























Spain




Home page:








Spanish


























Sweden




Home page:








Swedish


























United Kingdom




Home page:








English






































Australia




Home page:








English


























China




Home page:








Simplified Chinese


























Hong Kong




Home page:








English


























India




Home page:








English


























Japan




Home page:








Japanese


























Malaysia




Home page:








English


























New Zealand




Home page:








English


























Philippines




Home page:








English


























Singapore




Home page:








English


























South Korea




Home page:








English


























Taiwan




Home page:








English


























Thailand




Home page:








English


























Vietnam




Home page:








English




































 
























Primary Navigation










Health






















Health


Trusted clinical technology and evidence-based solutions that drive effective decision-making and outcomes across healthcare. Specialized in clinical effectiveness, learning, research and safety.


Health Overview












Solutions




UpToDate
Industry-leading clinical decision support


Ovid
The world’s most trusted medical research platform


UpToDate Lexidrug
Evidence-based drug referential solutions


Simplifi+ Pharmacy Compliance
An automated suite of compliance solutions to optimize your operations




View All Solutions










Roles




Hospital technology leaders


Nursing leaders


Clinical leaders


Pharmacy leaders


Health plan executives


Medical librarians




View All Roles










Expert Insights




USP 795 nonsterile compounding compliance: Steps to review, renew, and refocus  


Less burnout, more breakthroughs: Designing digital tools clinicians trust


From consumer to collaborator: How patient-centered care is shaping the future of healthcare


How medical libraries can keep pace with artificial intelligence in healthcare




View All Expert Insights






















Tax & Accounting






















Tax & Accounting


Enabling tax and accounting professionals and businesses of all sizes drive productivity, navigate change, and deliver better outcomes. With workflows optimized by technology and guided by deep domain expertise, we help organizations grow, manage, and protect their businesses and their client’s businesses.


Tax & Accounting Overview












Solutions




Tax & Accounting U.S. Hub
Central hub for all U.S. solutions


CCH Axcess™ Suite
Cloud-based tax preparation and compliance, workflow management and audit solution


CCH® ProSystem fx®
Integrated tax, accounting and audit, and workflow software tools


TaxWise®
Tax Preparation Software for Tax Preparers




View All Solutions










Trending Topics




Audit Management


Future Ready Accountant


Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Tax and Accounting


BEPS Pillar Two Compliance












Expert Insights




How to take the pain out of switching tax software


OBBBA compliance updates in CCH Axcess Tax and CCH ProSystem fx Tax


Scaling success: Integrated tax workflows for smaller firms


Key tax provisions for large corporations in the latest 2025 legislation




View All Expert Insights






















ESG






















ESG


 Enterprise software to drive financial and sustainability performance, manage risks, meet reporting requirements, improve safety and productivity, and reduce environmental impact.


ESG Overview












Solutions




CCH Tagetik
Unified performance management software


Corporate Tax
Direct and indirect tax software solutions


TeamMate
Audit and assurance solutions for corporate and public sector organizations


Enablon
 Software solutions for Environment, Health and Safety (EHS), ESG, and Operational Excellence




View All Solutions










Expert Insights




Scope Determination & Requirements on Pre-Assurance Advice under the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive


How IATA Supports Risk-Based Safety Management in Aviation Operations


How the Sustainability Reporting Grant helps you fast-track ESG compliance in Singapore


AGCO uses Enablon to team up on EHS and Sustainability


Q2 EMEA Finance, Risk & Regulatory Webinar: Insights on EBA Pillar 3, Resolution Planning and UK round-up for financial services


Strategic Focus: Managing Sustainability Reporting and Carbon Initiatives


Verdantix Green Quadrant ESG & Sustainability Reporting Software 2025


Energy demands will be a growing concern for AI technology




View All Expert Insights






















Finance






















Finance


Our solutions for regulated financial departments and institutions help customers meet their obligations to external regulators. We specialize in unifying and optimizing processes to deliver a real-time and accurate view of your financial position.


Finance Overview












Solutions




CCH Tagetik
Unified performance management software


 eOriginal
 eOriginal securely digitizes the lending process from the close to the secondary market


Lien Solutions
Market leader in UCC filing, searches, and lien management


OneSumX for Finance, Risk and Regulatory Reporting
Integrated solution suite for finance, risk, regulatory compliance, and reporting




View All Solutions










Expert Insights




Beyond the buzz: Practical AI use cases for manufacturing finance


Demo: CCH® Fixed Assets Manager


Be audit ready for exempt sales with CertifyTax


Five key insights from the financial professional survey


Six steps to getting big bank tech


Banking in 2025: Risk, regulation, and strategic readiness


Top seven things community banks and credit unions should look for in a technology partner


Unlock the potential of Extended Planning: From FP&A to xP&A




View All Expert Insights






















Compliance






















Compliance


Enabling organizations to ensure adherence with ever-changing regulatory obligations, manage risk, increase efficiency, and produce better business outcomes.


Compliance Overview












Solutions




BizFilings
Small business incorporation services


Compliance Solutions 
Gain the visibility, agility, and insight required to better satisfy borrowers, secure capital, and navigate regulatory change


TeamMate
Audit and assurance solutions for corporate and public sector organizations


CT Corporation
Registered agent & business license solutions




View All Solutions










Trending Topics




Economic and interest rate forecasts


Future Ready Lawyer












Expert Insights




Process Safety Management: A Proactive Approach to Risk Management


How much do you know about agents for service of process? 


How to get a commercial grow or retail marijuana license in Colorado


Digital contracting adoption rises 




View All Expert Insights






















Legal






















Legal


Serving legal professionals in law firms, General Counsel offices and corporate legal departments with data-driven decision-making tools. We streamline legal and regulatory research, analysis, and workflows to drive value to organizations, ensuring more transparent, just and safe societies.


Legal Overview












Solutions




MediRegs
Easy-to-use tools, calculators and batch analytics reduce hospital error rates by up to 5%


Enterprise Legal Management
Legal spend and matter management, AI legal bill review, and analytics solutions


Legisway
All-in-one legal management software for legal departments


VitalLaw® AI
In-depth legal research and practical analysis enhanced with innovative AI technology




View All Solutions










Trending Topics




Economic and interest rate forecasts


Future Ready Lawyer












Expert Insights




Striking the balance: How to make alternative fee arrangements work for everyone


Six key strategies for streamlining defined benefit earned income calculations


The Justice League approach to vendor management: Cost control and collaboration


Inpatient only déjà vu: CMS’s CY2026 OPPS proposal targets IPO list




View All Expert Insights














































Back to 
 Home 


>






Back to 
 Solutions 


>






Back to 
 Kluwer Law International 


>






General Terms & Conditions for Online Services
































General Terms & Conditions for Online Services
Kluwer Law International B.V.
 








































Note: The terms for delivery of products (shipping), clause 5.1, the Applicable Law and Jurisdiction, clause 6.1, and Miscellaneous, (x) Validity of these Terms, clause 6.6 have been updated.


Table of contents




1. Applicability


2. Definitions


3. General terms


 
3.1. Vendors


4. Purchase & payment terms


 
4.1. Pricing


 
4.2. Purchase


 
4.3. Payment terms


 
4.4. Tax Policy


5. Delivery terms


 
5.1. Delivery of Products (print)


 
5.2. Supply of access to Online Services or Electronic Products)


 
5.2.1.1. Grant of licence


 
5.2.1.2. Term of licence


 
5.2.1.3. Fees and payment conditions


 
5.2.1.4. Tax


 
5.2.1.5. Content supply


 
5.2.1.6. Content access


 
5.2.1.7. Content ownership


 
5.2.1.8. Authorized and unauthorized use


 
5.2.1.9. Licensor warranties and limitation of liability


 
5.2.1.10. Consequences of termination and termination on breach


 
5.3. Title and Risk


 
5.4. Cancellation policy


 
5.5. Claims/Returns/Refunds


6. Legal terms


 
6.1. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction


 
6.2. Termination on breach


 
6.3. Data Protection


 
6.4. Anti-Bribery


 
6.5. Liabilities – Force Majeure


 
6.6. Miscellaneous


7. Useful information


 
7.1. Contact details


8. Information for authors


9. Terms and conditions for all website users


 
9.1. Applicability


 
9.2. Terms of Use of a KLI Website


10. Consumers’ right to withdraw


 
10.1. Products


 
10.2. Online Services


 
10.3. Obligations of the Consumer during cooling-off period


 
10.4. Exercise of the right to withdraw during cooling-off period


 
10.5. KLI’s obligations in case of withdrawal


 
10.6. Quality




1. Applicability


The Terms and Conditions established in this document
(“Terms”) apply to the purchase of any product or service (in print or digital)
provided by Kluwer Law International B.V. (“KLI”) as well as to the access and
use of KLI Websites, which include but are not limited to:




www.KluwerLawOnline.com (Including the Digital Book Platform)


www.KluwerArbitration.com


www.KluwerCompetitionLaw.com


www.KluwerIPLaw.comwww.KluwerTaxLaw.com




Customer Service Contact Information:


Tel: +1 301-698-7100


Email: 
[email protected]


No other exceptions to these Terms will be accepted and
applicability of a Customer’s terms and conditions is hereby expressly refused
unless previously and expressly confirmed in writing. Contact details: Wolters
Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. – International Group Kluwer Law
International B.V. office, the Netherlands (postal address): PO Box 316 2400 AH
Alphen aan den Rijn The Netherlands +31 (0) 172 64 1500 Kluwer Law
International B.V. Office, Netherlands (visiting address): Zuidpoolsingel 2 2408
ZE Alphen aan den Rijn The Netherlands +31 (0) 172 64 1500 KLI is registered in
the Netherlands’ Chamber of Commerce Commercial Register under number 72152618.
Our company’s Dutch VAT number is NL-800910333B01. These Terms and Conditions
have been updated in 1 April 2025.


Contact details:


Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. – International
Group

Kluwer Law International B.V. office, the Netherlands (postal address):

PO Box 316 

2400 AH 

Alphen aan den Rijn

The Netherlands

+31 (0) 172 64 1500


Kluwer Law International B.V. Office, Netherlands (visiting
address): 

Zuidpoolsingel 2

2408 ZE

Alphen aan den Rijn 

The Netherlands 

+31 (0) 172 64 1500


KLI is registered in the Netherlands’ Chamber of Commerce
Commercial Register under number 72152618. Our company’s Dutch VAT number is
NL-800910333B01.


2. Definitions




Agreement: 
Any agreement between a Customer and KLI for the delivery of
    Product(s) and/or Service(s), including the Order Form (if any).


Authorized User: 
Any natural person who is legally entitled to access a
    specific KLI Online Service.


Consumer:
 a Customer who is a natural person acting outside the scope of
    an economic activity (trade, business, craft, liberal profession).


Customer:
 any person who purchases any of the Products or Services
    offered by KLI. We recognize two types of customers that may or may not have
    similar purchase conditions: Customer is a legal person (B2B) and Customer is a
    Consumer (B2C).


Electronic Product:
 any Product offered in electronic form. 


Invoice:
 a document issued by (or on behalf of) KLI stating the payment,
    delivery, transport and other relevant conditions relating to a purchase as
    agreed between the Customer and KLI. 


Invoice (pro forma):
 is an invoice for payment in advance as a pre
    requisite for the purchase to become valid. A Pro Forma invoice becomes a
    document of title only when paid in full.


KLI Website:
 is a collection of related web pages, including multimedia
    content, typically identified with a common domain name. A KLI website may be
    accessible via a public Internet Protocol (IP) network, such as the Internet,
    or a private local area network (LAN), by referencing a uniform resource
    locator (URL) that identifies the website. A KLI Website is always owned and
    operated by KLI.


Licensee:
 A Customer who has purchased an Online Service and is entitled
    to Online Access. 


Licence Fee:
 the fee for accessing an Online Service as agreed (in the
    Order Form).


Licensed Material/ Content:
 any content owned and provided by KLI to
    Licensee included in the Online Service or Electronic Product as per the
    Agreement, that may include optional tools or service(s) and to which the
    Licensee is entitled to have access by means of an Agreement;


Online Access:
 the access to the Licensed Material offered as the
    "Online Licensed Material” by KLI through the Internet. A Customer may
    have the following Online Access methods: 












Access Methods available
            for KLI’s Services










Kluwer Law Online






Kluwer Arbitration,
            Kluwer IP Law, Kluwer Competition Law, PE+, Kluwer International Tax Law










IP recognition (anonymous)






IP recognition (anonymous)










User ID/password






User ID/password










Shibboleth/OpenAthens






IP Prompt (IP recognition
            combined with User ID/pwd










EZ Proxy






SSO (NB: there is a waiting
            list); only if agreed with WK/KLI










Referrer URL






Referrer URL










 




Order Form:
 KLI"s (online) order form or any other document
    accepted by KLI detailing the purchase conditions by which the Customer offers
    to purchase a Product or a Service in agreement with KLI and subject to the
    relevant applicable purchase, payment, delivery, access and legal terms as
    outlined in these Terms.


Online Service: 
A combination of bundled data, information,
    services and tools, including but not limited to the Licensed Material, offered
    by KLI over the internet, specified in the Agreement and to which a Licensee
    subscribes or an Authorized User has access to.


Price/Fees:
 the consideration given in exchange for the Products
    or Services. Whether a specific Price or Fee includes VAT or not will be
    clearly stated in the relevant communication.


Product:
 any of the items within KLI’s portfolio, offered in
    print and/or electronic form, with the exception of any Online Service. 


Renewal Date:
 an anniversary of the Start Date as specified in
    the Agreement.


Renewal Fee:
 the fee agreed between the Customer and KLI to be
    paid for a renewal of the Customer’s subscription to an Online Service. 


Service:
 any service that KLI provides to Customer pursuant to an
    Agreement. Service may include but is not limited to Kluwer Law Online, Kluwer
    Arbitration, Kluwer IP Law, Kluwer Competition Law and Kluwer International Tax
    Law.


Service Downtime:
 a period when a Service is unavailable for all
    users. The unavailability is the proportion of a time-span that a Service is
    unavailable or offline for all users. This is usually a result of the Service
    failing to function because of unplanned outage, or because of routine
    maintenance (planned outage), generally planned during weekends. The common
    reasons for unplanned outages are system failures (such as a crash) or
    communications failures (network outage). Downtime is measured from the time
    Licensee reports the event until the time the Service is restored and does not
    include time related to a scheduled or announced maintenance outage; causes
    beyond KLI"s control; problems with Licensee or third party content or
    technology, designs or instructions; unsupported system configurations and
    platforms or other Licensee errors; or Licensee-caused security incident or
    Licensee security testing.


Service Maintenance:
 includes any planned outages taking
    reasonable periods for installation of Updates so long as such installation is
    undertaken during weekends, between the hours of 8:00 pm and 7:00 am GMT on
    business days, or at such other time as may be provided by Licensor upon at
    least 5 days’ prior written notice to Licensee; any denial of service attacks
    or other Downtime outside the reasonable control of Licensor; Downtime that
    arises out of actions or omissions of Licensee; and/or any Downtime that arises
    out of Licensee’s use of its own hardware or software or network with the
    Service which is not part of the functionality of the Service.


Service Outage:
 means the planned unavailability or temporary
    de-rating, restriction of use or reduction in performance of the services for
    any reason, including technical inspections, tests, repairs or maintenance,
    which results in a partial or total interruption of the services.


Site:
 the physical location(s) or address(es) at which the
    Licensed Material will be used as per the Agreement, or in default thereof the
    Customer"s principal place of establishment.


Start Date:
 the date indicated as such on the Invoice or
    otherwise in the Agreement on which the Customer’s purchased subscription to a
    Product or Online Service takes effect.


VAT:
 Value added tax.


Website User:
 any person who lands in any of the Online Services
    or KLI Websites. Any Website User is bound by the terms and conditions as
    specified in clause 9 of these Terms and by any valid applicable regulations. 




3. General terms


3.1. Vendors


KLI has entered into various agreements with different
vendors for the fulfilment of a number of activities relating to the execution
of an Agreement. By purchasing any Product or Service, the Customer
acknowledges and accepts that vendors other than KLI may be responsible for
performing part of the Agreement. 


4. Purchase & payment terms


4.1. Pricing


The agreed price shall be stated in the Agreement and in
Invoice. Where applicable, VAT will be charged according to applicable rules on
the date of the Invoice. 


Prices quoted for unavailable products are for information
only and are subject to change.


4.2. Purchase


An Agreement comes in effect after KLI has accepted an order
of Customer. Once an Agreement is effective, KLI will deliver the agreed
Product/Service to the Customer, as well as one or more Invoices, as
applicable. When agreed so, delivery may be subject to advance payment, for
which KLI will issue an Invoice. 


If the purchased print product is not available, the order
will be placed on back order, meaning that KLI will deliver the Product when
available. 


4.3. Payment terms


KLI accepts the following payment methods: 


Bank wire
 to one of our currency-related bank
accounts. Payments can be done in EUR, GBP or USD depending on the Customer’s
bill to address location (GBP only for UK, USD only for North and Latin America
& Canada, EUR for Europe and RoW).


Credit Card (Master Card, VISA, AMEX): Please note that
credit card statements may display the processing party’s name rather than
KLI’s name. 


Please note that as per 1 January 2021 
cheques
 are no
longer accepted for payment.  


The applicable payment terms as discussed in advance shall
be stated on the invoice. For questions regarding payment terms and conditions
please contact our 
customer
services
 team.


Payment of the Price and applicable VAT shall be due and
owing within 45 days of the date of the Invoice unless otherwise stated on the
Invoice. 


4.4. Tax Policy


Any and all relevant tax regulations, including VAT rules,
shall be applicable to your purchase of a Product and/or Service. Amongst other
it is required that appropriate VAT is applied to orders fulfilled from the UK
or the Netherlands and that sales (use) tax rules are applied to orders
fulfilled from the distribution center in the U.S. Any applied tax shall be
clearly itemized on the invoice. 


If you are a Customer in Europe and qualify for application
of the VAT reverse-charge mechanism, or a Customer in the U.S. and qualify for
sales (use) tax-exempt status, or if you have any other tax status that may be
applicable, please inform us in advance, when you place your order, and mail
your VAT details to our customer services team.  NOTE: if we do not receive the
required information beforehand, your order will be processed as if you do not
have any special tax status. 


5. Delivery terms


5.1. Delivery of Products (print) 


KLI will charge shipping costs on all orders for books and supplements send to the standing order subscribers. KLI does not offer hand delivery.


Shipping charges are calculated based on the weight of the product, the destination and the method of shipment.
 General indication of delivery times, based on the distribution network for individual countries:





UK and Europe 5-7 Working Days


United States of America: 8-10 Working Days


Middle East 8-13 Working Days


Central and South America , Africa & Asia 11-17 Working Days




 
All book orders are sent with tracking details; expedited shipping is not available.






5.2. Supply of access to Online Services or Electronic Products


(i) General


This applies to Customers who are entitled
to access any of KLI’s Online Services and/or Electronic Products. 


(ii) Free trial


If the Licensed Material is supplied on a
trial-basis for evaluation purposes, Licensee may use the Licensed Material for
evaluation during the period agreed, in accordance with these Terms and
Conditions and subject to the conditions agreed in advance with KLI. Customers
accessing the Service and/or Product on a trial-basis will not receive any
invoice.  


(iii) Licence terms


The Licence Agreement means the agreement
between on the one hand KLI ("Licensor") and on the other hand the
Customer ("Licensee") and it is at all times subject to the present
Terms and Conditions for Subscribers. These Terms and Conditions shall apply on
any offer or agreement with the exclusion of any terms and conditions used by
the Licensee. Licensee accepts that these Terms may be modified by Licensor
from time to time and the Licensor agrees to keep Licensee updated on such modifications
. By using the service you implicitly indicate acceptance of these Terms and
Conditions and any applicable legal provision (including but not limited to
Licensor’s copyright notice, disclaimer, privacy policy, etc.).


5.2.1.1. Grant of licence


KLI hereby grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive,
non-transferable Licence to access and use the Licensed Material at the Site,
in accordance with the Agreement.


5.2.1.2. Term of licence


The Licence shall remain in force for the period of time
stated in the Agreement, as agreed between KLI and Licensee.  The Term of the
Licence will start on the Start Date.  


5.2.1.3. Fees and payment conditions


If payment of the Fees has not been received by KLI
according to the payment conditions stated on the Invoice, Licensee will be in
default without any further notice being required.


KLI reserves the right to withhold delivery of the Licensed
Material and any
updates thereof until all outstanding fees and costs are paid.


5.2.1.4. Tax


KLI’s fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties or
similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example,
value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction
whatsoever (collectively referred to as “Taxes”) if not applicable to KLI.
Licensee is responsible for paying all Taxes associated with the purchase of
the Online Service. If KLI has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for
which Licensee is responsible under this section 5.2.3.4., KLI will invoice Licensee
and Licensee will pay the relevant amount unless Licensee has provided a valid
tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For
the avoidance of doubt, KLI is solely responsible for taxes assessable against
KLI based on KLI’s income, property and employees.


5.2.1.5. Content supply


KLI will supply to Licensee the Licensed Material and may at
any time make modifications or improvements to the Licensed Material. KLI will
use all reasonable endeavours, if and to the necessary extent, to make and supply
updates to the Licensed Material.


KLI may at any time withdraw from the Licensed Material any
material in it:


a. if KLI ceases, for whatever reason, to publish the publication from such
material is taken or otherwise no longer retains the right to publish such
material;

b. if in KLI"s reasonable opinion such material contains any matter which
infringes copyright or is defamatory, obscene, unlawful, or otherwise
objectionable.

c. when customers indicate the need for a change, when technology advances demand
or when it is no longer feasible or prudent to continue to offer it.


5.2.1.6. Content access


Licensee will be given access to the Licensed Material based
on Licensee’s IP address(es). To access and use the Licensed Material Licensee
must have a working Internet connection and it is recommended that Licensee has
an electronic reading programme (such as Adobe Reader for reading electronic
documents in .pdf format). Licensor is responsible for the cost, operation, and
maintenance of the Service and the network connections between the Service and
the Internet. Licensee is responsible for all computer hardware and software
required to access the Service including establishing and maintaining
Licensee’s network connectivity and sufficient bandwidth (at least 64kbps)
between Licensee’s facilities and the Internet as well as any and all fees in
relation to 3rd party services or software with which the Service may
optionally interact. 


Access may be managed through the use of a username and a
unique password (or any other means of personal identification), which the
Licensee shall only use or allow to be used by authorized users. The Licensee
shall keep the identification information confidential and not disclose,
disseminate or pass it on to unauthorized users (group companies, employees,
partners, branch offices, business relations or other).  


KLI has the right to limit or block Licensee"s online access
to the Licensed Material immediately and without prior notice if and when
illegal access to the Licensed Material through the associated IP address(es)
has been ascertained, or when there are reasonable grounds to suspect that such
illegal access will occur or has occurred through this IP address (range).


Although reasonable care is given to ensure uninterrupted
access to the Licensed Material, KLI shall not be liable for any temporary
difficulties Licensee may encounter in accessing the Licensed Material whether
due to telephone connections downtime of the internet server at the provider, maintenance,
virus detection or elimination or any other (technical) reason whatsoever.


When there is Access Disruption, that is, when there is no
Downtime for the Service, but there are access issues that are specific of an
individual customer. These issues need to be evaluated and solved in close
communication between KLI’s Technical Support and Licensee. A designated
Licensee’s (technical) contact person shall contact KLI’s technical support in
these cases at 
[email protected]


Licensee acknowledges and agrees that performance and
response times of the Service and the successful and uninterrupted Access to
the Service are a function of       Licensee’s applications requirements and
will be affected by, amongst other factors, the mix of concurrently running
applications, any networking capability utilized by Licensee on Licensee’s
system and the amount of memory thereon.


In cases where Licensee’s Access fails or is disrupted by a
cause other than a Service Outage and/or a Service Disruption, combined efforts
from both Licensee and KLI will be needed to establish the most convenient
measures to restore performance, response times and/or successful and
uninterrupted Access to the Service. KLI is 5.0% per calendar month (the
“Downtime Limit”). Should Licensee’s Access fail or be disrupted by a Service
Outage, thereby exceeding the Downtime Limit, then for each full 60 minutes by which
the Downtime Limit has been exceeded in a calendar month, Licensee shall be
entitled to a compensation. This compensation shall equal to 5% of the
(equivalent of the) monthly Fees paid by Customer for the month in which the
Downtime Limit was exceeded. In case the Downtime Limit is exceeded by more
than twelve hours per month in any two consecutive months, Customer shall also
have a right to terminate this Agreement upon 7 days’ prior written notice so
long as such termination occurs within 30 days of the end of the second month
in which such Downtime Limit was exceeded. This clause constitutes the sole
remedy of Licensee against KLI for exceeding any Downtime Limit. Upon
termination of the Agreement by cause of exceeding Downtime Limit, KLI’s
Cancellation Policy applies.


Licensee accepts that all functionality is delivered “as-is”
and Licensee agrees that the functionality meets their full needs and
requirements.


Licensee further acknowledges that Licensor will from time
to time during the Term be required to temporarily reduce or interrupt access
to the Service to conduct Maintenance.


Without prejudice to any other remedy KLI may have by law in
the event breach of the Licensee’s obligation in this clause, by way of penalty
Licensee shall become due and owing to KLI a sum equal to the yearly fee for
multi-user access applicable to the Licensed Material at the time of such
breach.


5.2.1.7. Content ownership


The Licensed Material is not sold to Licensee. Licensee
shall not acquire any right, title or interest in either the Licensed Material
or in any documentation, material or content made available to Licensee. Any
such documentation, material or content will remain at all times the property of
KLI. 


All rights in the Licensed Material whether these exist or
may come into which are not specifically granted to Licensee by the Agreement are
expressly reserved to KLI or to such other right holders as stated on the Licensed
Material.


Any copyrighted material is reproduced by KLI with the
permission of the copyright holder.


5.2.1.8. Authorized and unauthorized use


(i) Licensee shall use the Licensed Material and shall take all reasonable
steps to ensure that its employees and partners shall use the Licensed Material
only:


a. for its own business purposes (or, if Customer is a Consumer, for its
own personal use);

b. by the user(s) specified on the Order Form;

c. at the Site(s) specified on the Order Form;

d. for the permitted purposes set out in the Agreement.


(ii) Licensee,
its employees or partners on its behalf, during the normal course of Licensee"s
business, and, where Licensee"s business is the provision of library services,
bona fide on-site users of those services, may for its own business purposes:


a. view the Licensed Material on screen;

b. print extracts from the Licensed Material;

c. transmit by print, fax, e-mail, or other method, extracts from the
Licensed Material between employees, partners or agents of Licensee;

d. transmit by print, fax, e-mail, or other method, extracts from the
Licensed Material to third parties only in connection with the provision of
professional advice provided that no additional fee is directly or indirectly
charged for the transmission.


(iii)  All extracts must clearly
reproduce the copyright notice(s) and Licensee shall not do or omit to do or
authorize any other person to do or omit to do any act which:


a. would or might invalidate or be inconsistent with any intellectual
property right of KLI in the Licensed Material

b.would be in breach of or otherwise inconsistent with the moral rights of
the authors of the items comprising the Licensed Material.


(iv) Use of AI
tools/technologies: Licensee is under no circumstance allowed to use the
content (or parts thereof) made available and accessed under this Agreement for
the following purposes: 


a. to address, edit, process or distribute through applications - both
private and public - that use AI (including generative AI), or through
comparable applications.

b. to use (or allow the use) for training AI-related applications - both
private and public - and the underlying language models.

c. to use or allow to be used for text and/or data mining.


Licensor and
Licensee acknowledge that absolute guarantees in this regard are not possible, 
but are committed to minimizing the risks and consequences involved.


(v)   Licensee
shall promptly inform KLI if Licensee becomes aware of:


a. any unauthorised use of the Licensed Material

b. any actual, threatened, or suspected infringement of any intellectual
property right of KLI in the Licensed Material, and

c. any claim by any third party that the Licensed Material infringes the
intellectual property or other rights of any other person.


(vi) Licensee shall at the
request and expense of KLI do all such things as may be reasonably required to
assist KLI in taking or resisting proceedings in relation to any infringement
or claim referred to in this Clause and in maintaining the validity and enforceability
of the intellectual property of KLI in the Licensed Material.


(vii) 
Licensee shall not use the Licensed Material, allow access to the
Licensed Material, or divulge any extract of the Licensed Material or any such
result thereof nor allow or authorize the Licensed Material to be used for the
purpose of operating a bureau or similar service or any online service
whatsoever.


(viii) Licensee shall not erase, remove, deface or cover any trademark, trade
names, numbers, copyright or other proprietary notices, guarantee, designation
of origin, means of identification, disclaimer or other statement used on any
media containing the Licensed Material or used in relation to it, nor shall
Licensee authorize another person to do so.


(ix) Except insofar as
permitted by law, Licensee shall not modify, reverse assemble, decompile or
reverse engineer the Licensed Material or any part thereof, or permit any third
party to do so.


(x) Licensee
shall not, except to the extent necessary to exercise the rights granted under
the Agreement:


a. make any alterations, additions or amendments to the Licensed Material;

b. combine the whole or any part of the Licensed Material with any other software,
data or material.

c. create derivative works from the whole or any part of the Licensed
Material.


(xi) Licensee shall not
sublicense the Licensed Material to others and Licensee warrants that no access
will be given to the Licensed Material to any person not being an employee,
partner or student of Licensee"s firm, company, organisation, university or other
entity. Any access to the Licensed Material given by Licensee must comply with
the Agreement.


(xii) Except as
permitted by law or these Terms, Licensee shall not itself nor allow any third
party to duplicate or otherwise reproduce the Licensed Material or any part
thereof.


(xiii) the Agreement nor any of the rights and obligations of Licensee
hereunder may be assigned, transferred, charged, delegated, sublicensed, or
otherwise disposed of in whole or in part on a temporary or permanent basis
unless Licensee has obtained the prior written consent of KLI.


(xiv) Licensee and its Authorized Users are not permitted to use the Products
in a publicly accessible (generative) Artificial Intelligence environment or a
comparable application, such as ChatGPT. Licensor and Licensee realize that
developments in the field of AI are constantly evolving and therefore agree
that any intended use of AI by Licensee will be discussed in advance with
Licensor and, if agreement is reached, it shall be recorded in writing.


5.2.1.9. Licensor warranties and limitation of liability


(i) KLI warrants that it has obtained all necessary rights to grant the
License.


(ii) Whilst
reasonable care is taken to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the
Licensed Material supplied, KLI makes no representations or warranties
whatsoever, express or implied, that the Licensed Material or Online Service is
free from errors or omissions.


(iii) Whilst reasonable care has
been taken to exclude computer viruses, no representation or warranty is made
that the Licensed Material or Online Service is virus free. Licensee shall be
responsible to ensure that no virus is introduced to any computer or network.


(iv) Licensee has satisfied
itself prior to entering the Agreement that the Licensed Material meets
Licensee"s individual requirements and is compatible with Licensee"s
hardware/software configuration and no failure of any part or the whole of the
Licensed Material to be suitable for those requirements will give rise to any
right or claim against KLI.


(v) The
warranties set out in this clause are exclusive of and in lieu of all other
warranties, conditions, terms, undertakings, and obligations whether implied or
expressed by law.


(vi) KLI shall not be
liable for any loss of whatsoever kind or for any indirect or consequential
loss whatsoever, howsoever suffered by Licensee or for any liability of
Licensee to any third party in connection with the Licensed Material (whether
or not caused by the negligence of KLI).


(vii) The aggregate maximum liability of KLI in respect of any direct or other
loss (to the extent that such loss is not excluded by the Agreement or
otherwise) whether such a claim arises in contract, tort or delict shall not
exceed a sum equal to that paid as the last annual License Fee for the Licensed
Material.


(viii) KLI shall not be liable for any incorrect or illegitimate use of the
Licensed Material by Licensee, its agents and employees and Licensee shall keep
KLI fully indemnified against any claims, costs, damages, loss and liabilities
arising out of any such use. 


5.2.1.10. Consequences of termination and termination on breach


Upon termination of the Agreement Licensee will cease use of
the Licensed Material. Any special conditions regarding access or use of the
Licensed Material that may apply after termination of the Agreement must be
previously discussed between KLI and Licensee and accepted by both parties in
writing.


Both KLI and Licensee may terminate the License forthwith by
written notice sent courier, first class post or fax or via e-mail to the other
party if:


a. The other party has committed an irredeemable breach of the Agreement;
or

b. after one party, in the other party"s reasonable opinion, has failed to
remedy a remediable breach of these terms and conditions within 14 days of
being given notice to do so; or

c. Either party is declared bankrupt or enters into liquidation or any
arrangement with creditors or has a receiver or administrative receiver
appointed such termination being prejudice to any other claim which the other
party may have.


5.3. Title and Risk


Title to the Products shall remain with KLI until the
Customer has paid the amount due stated in the Invoice in full. 


Risk in the Products shall pass to the Customer upon
despatch.


5.4. Cancellation policy 


Online Services and/or Electronic Products


All new 12-month subscriptions may be declined within the
first 30 days for full credit. After the 30-day review period, the KLI
cancellation policy will apply. 12-month renewal subscriptions will receive
credit if cancelled prior to the renewal date. After the renewal date, the 1-4
months cancellation credit amount of 25% applies. Multi-year subscriptions’
cancellation policy applies exclusively during the first year of the agreed
subscription period’


The cancellation policy is as follows:


If your cancellation request is received by KLI prior to the
10th of the month, that cancellation will be effective the 1st of that month.
If your cancellation request is received after the 10th of the month that
cancellation will be effective the 1st of the following month. Please see the
scale below to determine the amount of credit, if any, that you would receive
should you choose to cancel your subscription.


Months of Service Credit to your account 




1-4 months: 25%


5-12 months: No credit will be given




Books 


Cancellation of print 
Book orders
 are accepted if
cancellation is received prior to the book shipping. If the book has shipped
please read our return policy in clause 5.5 below.


Loose Leafs


Enrollment of a title in our standing order program may be
cancelled at any time. There is no minimum purchase requirement. For new
edition(s) or supplement(s) sent to you on a standing order basis may be
returned within 30 days of the invoice date. KLI does not automatically charge
the credit card or Account Number used as payment for your initial purchase. If
you do not return any new editions or supplements sent to you on a standing
order basis by the end of the 30-day period, you are responsible for paying the
full invoice for the new edition or supplement.


Journals


Current active journal subscriptions are non-cancellable.
Cancellations are accepted for the following subscription period.  


5.5. Claims/Returns/Refunds


(iv) Claims 


We accept the following claims. Please contact our Customer
Services team if you want to file a claim. 


Non-receipt:
 Journal and Loose-leaf supplement claims
will be met free of charge if made no later than 3 months after the publication
date. Book claims will be met if made no later than 6 weeks of invoice date. 


Damaged goods:
 Claims that books, journals and
supplements were damaged at moment of receipt, must be sent within 1 month of
receipt including proof /photo. If the claim is acknowledged, a free
replacement will be sent. 


Missing pages within a supplement:
 will be met free
of charge if made no later than 3 months after publication date. Note: this
does not include lost pages or supplements. 


Incorrect goods received:
 Provide proof (photo) and
request for a replacement copy of the correct product. 


Incorrect invoice amount:
 If we have issued an
Invoice in error, the Invoice will be credited (or the pro forma cancelled) and
a correct document will be issued provided notification and proof of the error
is received by KLI within 30 days of the date of issue.


(v) Returns


Loose-leaf publications (only main works):
 Items
returned within 30 days of the Invoice date along with the Invoice marked
“Cancel” will receive full credit. 


Books:
 Books returned within 30 days of the Invoice
date along with the Invoice marked “cancel” will receive full credit. This
applies to an order for quantities of less than 50 copies. Please send book(s)
postage paid via traceable method and retain proof of shipment. Returns will be
made at the Customer’s expense except in case of books sent in error. Returns
must always be accompanied by a copy of the invoice. Books received without
such documentation will not be accepted. 


A returned Product must be in a resalable condition when
received from the Customer (so the Customer is responsible for adequate
wrapping so it will be received in good condition). Please contact our 
Customer Services
 for
details on return instructions. They will follow the necessary steps for
refund/ replacement.


(vi) Refunds


Provided Customer has made the relevant payment, following
an approved cancellation of any Products and/or Online Services order, refund
will be granted if request is made within two weeks of the Invoice date. Refund
requests made after two weeks of the invoice date and/or requests for refund on
partial Online Services subscriptions are not permitted. Orders for Online
Services will be refunded only subject to a prior written submission of a
request thereto and prior approval by KLI.


6. Legal terms


6.1. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction


These Terms and the Agreement are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. The sole jurisdiction and venue for any action that may arise under or in relation to the subject matter hereof shall be a Dutch court to be determined. 


6.2. Termination on breach


Both the Customer and KLI are entitled to terminate an
Agreement with immediate effect: 




in case of a material breach of the terms if such breach remains uncured
    at the expiration of 30 days from the date a written notice of the breach was
    given; or 


if the either party becomes the subject of a petition of bankruptcy or
    any other proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership, liquidation or
    assignment for the benefit of creditors.  




In no event will termination of the Agreement in accordance
with clause 6.2 of these Terms relieve a Licensee’s obligation to pay any fees
payable prior to the effective date of termination.


6.3. Data Protection


KLI is a Dutch entity and as such subject to EU applicable
regulations in relation with (sensitive) data protection issues. Any question
regarding data protection measures taken can be addressed to the compliance
e-mail address stated under 7.1 below (Compliance). 


6.4. Anti-Bribery


By purchasing a Product or Service and accepting these Terms
the Customer agrees that no illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift,
valuable item has been involved in connection with the purchase. If Customer
learns of any violation of the above restriction, it will immediately be
notified to KLI to the e-mail address stated under 7.1.1 below (Compliance). 


6.5. Liabilities – Force Majeure


KLI accepts no liability for loss or damage, for Product
delivery delays or for failure to supply access to Online Services arising from
factors outside its reasonable control, including but not limited to act of
God, acts or omissions of civil or military authority, war, fire, flood,
natural disaster, labour disputes, shortage of supplies or compliance with
orders lawfully given by any public authority. 


6.6. Miscellaneous


(vii) Headings.


The headings in these Terms are for ease of reference only
and shall not be taken into account in the construction or interpretation of
any term to which they refer.


(viii) Enforc
eability
. 


Failure by either the Customer or KLI to at any time or for
any time enforce or insist on the performance of an obligation or any term or
any of its rights under these Terms will not be deemed to be or construed as a
waiver thereof or of any other obligation or of any other term or of any of its
other rights under these Terms. 


If any term of these Terms were found by any court of
competent jurisdiction or other competent authority to be invalid or
unenforceable in whole or in part, the remainder of the affected term and any
other term will continue to be valid and enforceable. 


(ix) 
Different
 entities. 


Where the Customer and/or KLI represent two or more legal
entities the liability shall be joint and several.


(x) Validity of these Terms. 


KLI reserves the right to modify these Terms. As a Visitor and as a Customer you are encouraged to keep informed and up-to-date regarding the applicable terms and conditions. These Terms were last revised and approved on 1 April 2025.


7. Useful information


7.1. Contact details


Compliance


If you need official documents such as a Financial
Traceability or Proof of Residence forms, or an extract of the Chamber of
Commerce, or if you have any questions, comments of remarks regarding these
Terms and Conditions, please contact us at 
[email protected]
.


Marketing


For questions or requests regarding privacy policy issues,
the use of cookies, information regarding our partners/affiliates, or about
pricing, please contact our Marketing department at 
[email protected]
.


Sales


For matters regarding your subscription, for upgrades of
your services or any other sales question, please contact your sales contact
person or our general sales department at 
[email protected]
.


Accounts



For any question regarding your invoice, the status of your
payment or your credit account, please contact our accounts
department at 
[email protected]
.


Customer
Services 


Customer Service Email: 
[email protected]


Customer Service Telephone: Tel: +1 301-698-7100


8. Information for authors


Some of these Terms may be adapted for the benefit of our
authors. 


Please note that all the relevant information that may be of
interest for KLI authors can be found in our Author Portal at 
https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/solutions/kluwerlawinternational/authors


Regarding purchases, authors may have special conditions for
the purchase of their own works. Please contact your regular contact person or 
https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/solutions/kluwerlawinternational/authors/contact-us


9. Terms and conditions for all website users 


9.1. Applicability 


If you are browsing through any of our websites, even if you
are not (yet) a Customer, you are a Website User and as such you are subject to
these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to any or all of the Terms and
Conditions please cease using or accessing any site owned and operated by KLI. 


KLI Website(s) include, but are not limited to the
following:




www.KluwerLawOnline.com (Including the Digital Book Platform)


www.KluwerArbitration.com


www.KluwerCompetitionLaw.com


www.kluwerIPLaw.com


www.KluwerTaxLaw.com




9.2. Terms of Use of a KLI Website


The KLI Websites are owned and operated by KLI. For more
information about our company, please click on the “Home” button included in
the KLI Website.


By accessing or using a KLI Website, you agree to be bound
by these Terms and to any incorporated guidelines, rules or disclaimers posted
on the KLI Website. Please also read our applicable Privacy Policy, including
our Cookies policy and our Disclaimer. By purchasing any of the Products or
Services offered on the KLI Website, you will become a Customer. If you do not
agree with these Terms, please do not use any KLI Website.


Any user of a KLI Website may print content from the site
for personal, non-commercial use, provided that all copyright and other
proprietary notices are kept intact. All systematic retrieval of content from a
KLI website to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection,
compilation, database or directory without prior permission from KLI is
forbidden.


The use of robots, spiders, crawlers or other automated
downloading programs or devices for any purpose, including but not limited to
harvesting another’s postal or e-mail address from a KLI Website to send
unsolicited or unauthorized commercial material, is prohibited.


You may not use the services on a KLI Website to publish or
distribute any information (including software or other content) which is
illegal, which violates or infringes upon the rights of any other person, which
is abusive, hateful, obscene, profane, pornographic, threatening or vulgar,
which contains errors, viruses or other harmful components, or which is
otherwise actionable at law.


All information provided by KLI on a KLI Website is owned by
or licensed to KLI. All trademarks appearing on a KLI Website are the property
of their respective owners.


A KLI Website may contain hyperlinks to other sites or
resources. KLI assumes no responsibility for any material or resource of a
third party that may be accessed through any such links. Any transaction that
occurs between you and a third party is strictly between you and the third
party. Please check the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any linked
site, as they may differ from ours.


By using or accessing a KLI Website you agree to indemnify
KLI from any damage, loss, costs or expenses that KLI, its affiliates, their
respective employees and authorized representatives may incur as a result of
material entered into a KLI Website by you.


In addition to any prohibitions and limitations imposed by
relevant copyright law, in accepting these Terms or by accessing and viewing
pages of a KLI Website, you warrant and represent to the fullest extent
permitted by law that, other than copying a small proportion of content,
strictly for your personal non-commercial use, you will not:




make a copy, whether hand-drawn, printed, screen-captured or in any
    other form, of any part of this website,


transmit, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical,
    photocopying, recording and/or otherwise) the website or any part of it without
    our prior written consent.




More information on any of these Terms, please contact us at
Terms & Conditions questions 


10. Consumers’ right to withdraw


In addition to the foregoing, the following section applies
when Customer is a Consumer. In case of conflict between the foregoing and this
part of these Terms, this part prevails.


10.1. Products


Consumer may cancel the purchase of a Product during a
cooling-off period of 14 days without giving any reason. The cooling-off period
starts on the day after Consumer, or on behalf of Consumer a third party, has
received the Product, or: 


(a) 
if Consumer
has purchased multiple Products in the same order: the day on which Consumer,
or a third party designated by him, has received the last of these Products.
Provided that the Consumer has clearly been informed prior to the ordering
process, KLI may refuse an order for several Products with different delivery
times; or


(b) 
if the
supply of a Product consists of several consignments or parts: the day on which
Consumer, or a third party designated by him, has received the last shipment or
piece; or


(c) 
in case of
Agreements for regular delivery of loose leafs and/or journals over a period of
time: the day on which Consumer, or a third party designated by him, has
received the first Product. 


10.2. Online Services 


10.2.1.Consumer may cancel the purchase of a License to Online Services during a cooling-off period of 14 days. The cooling-off period shall take effect on the day of conclusion of the Agreement.


10.2.2.Consumer does not have the right to withdrawal from the use of Online Services


a. if the Online Service has been made available to Consumer following Consumer’s express consent in advance to having the Online Service available; or

b. if Consumer has acknowledged that he loses his right of withdrawal immediately after the Online Service has been made fully available by KLI.


10.3. Obligations of the Consumer during cooling-off period


10.3.1.During the cooling-off period Consumer shall extract or use the Product or Online Service only to the extent necessary to the nature, characteristics and operation of the Product or Online Service. The starting point is that Consumer only handles and inspects the Product or Online Service as he would in a store.


10.3.2.Consumer shall be liable for depreciation of the Product or Online Service as a result of dealing with the Product or Online Service outside what is allowed in clause 10.3.1 above.


10.4. Exercise of the right to withdraw during cooling-off period


10.4.1.Consumer may exercise his right of withdrawal by unambiguously notifying KLI within the cooling-off period using KLI’s withdrawal form or any other means.


10.4.2.As fast as possible, but within 14 days from the day following the notification referred to in clause 10.3 Consumer shall send the Product back. Consumer shall send back the Product, if possible in original condition and packaging, and in accordance with the instructions provided by KLI.


10.4.3.Consumer shall bear the direct cost of returning the Product following a withdrawal.


10.4.4.If Consumer has made use of Online Services before cancelation, Consumer shall pay all reasonable fees for the time Consumer has made use of the Online Services.


10.4.5.Upon withdrawal to Online Services, Consumer will cease use of the Online Services.


10.5. KLI’s obligations in case of withdrawal


10.5.1.Provided Consumer has made the relevant payment, following an approved cancellation or return of any Product and/or License order, KLI will refund within 14 days after notification as referred to in clause 8. KLI may suspend payment until it has received the Product or until the Consumer shows that he has returned the Product, depending what time is earlier.


10.5.2.KLI uses the same method of payment for refund that Consumer used for payment, unless Consumer explicitly consents to another method of refund. The repayment is free of charge for Consumer.


10.5.3.If Consumer has opted for a more expensive method of delivery than the cheapest standard delivery of KLI, the additional costs for the more expensive method are non-refundable.


10.6. Quality


 Nothing in these Terms deprives Consumer of his/her
mandatory rights, if any, to have the Products and Services comply with the
Agreement.
 
















Footer Navigation






























About Wolters Kluwer
 




Strategy
 




Organization
 




Management
 




News & Press Releases
 




Events
 
























Solutions Directory
 




Health
 




Tax & Accounting
 




ESG
 




Finance
 




Compliance
 




Legal
 
























Expert Insights
 




Careers
 




Investors
 




Sitemap
 




Site Owner
 




















Kluwer Law International






Authors
 




Global ESG Legal Compliance
 




Kluwer Arbitration
 




Kluwer Competition Law
 




Kluwer International Tax Law
 




Kluwer IP Law
 


























Follow Wolters Kluwer






Facebook
 




Instagram
 




LinkedIn
 




YouTube
 
































 
















When you have to be right
 




























Terms of Use
 




Privacy & Cookies
 




Your California Privacy Choices
 


















Kluwer Law International






Disclaimer
 




Rights and permissions
 




Terms and Conditions
 








 


















©  2025 Wolters Kluwer N.V. and/or its subsidiaries.  All rights reserved.
 


































Back To Top






 

















