













































Sample Terms and Conditions Template - Privacy Policy Online





































                        Free Generators
                    




Privacy Policy Generator




Terms & Conditions Generator




Disclaimer Generator









                        Blog
                    




What Is A Privacy Policy?




Sample Privacy Policy Template




Sample Terms and Conditions Template




Privacy Policy for Landing Page




GPDR




CCPA Cookies




DMCA




COPPA Law (Full Text)




What Are Cookies?




Flash Cookies




Online Privacy Videos




W3C Privacy Policy Standard




Refund Policy for SaaS




Where to Add Privacy Policy




What Makes a Good Privacy Policy?




SaaS Agreement




What to Include in T&Cs




Canada CWTA Messaging Compliance




Why Your Privacy Policy Needs to Mirror Your Privacy Practices








About






FAQs






















Sample Terms and Conditions Template


Terms and Conditions agreements
 serve as a legally binding contract between you (the business) who manages a mobile application or a website and the customer who uses your app or visits your website.


They are otherwise called 
Terms of Use
 or 
Terms of Service
 agreements and are shortened as 
T&Cs 
 (or 
ToU
 and 
ToS
, respectively).


No two businesses are identical, and as such, every business needs a unique T&C agreement designed to meet its specific needs. While some clauses are conventional and usually seen in basically every Terms and Conditions agreement, you ultimately decide what regulations and guidelines your customers must accept.


Let's take a look at what clauses should go into most Terms and Conditions agreements, as well as how to display and get legal agreement to your T&C. 


Although employing a Terms and Conditions agreement is 
fully optional
 as there are 
no laws
 that necessitate it, this agreement is 
highly recommended
 by experts and presents lots of benefits for both your company and customers.


What are the Advantages of Having a Terms and Conditions Agreemt?


Some of the advantages to be derived include the following:




Clarity


Terms and Conditions agreements provide clarity about what should occur in any given circumstance. They set out the 
essential business terms you are offering
 to your customers and help contractual parties to understand their rights, obligations, functions, and accountabilities.


A Comprehensive system


Your Terms and Conditions agreement produces a well-organized and comprehensive system by covering commercial terms such as delivery, price, payment, and other areas often overlooked by businesses.


They also proceed to limit your liability, 
disclaiming your liability for failure or delay
 caused by inevitable circumstances, therefore protecting your intellectual property rights.


Conformity with Laws


There may be specific regulations that apply to your industry, and you may refer to them in your Terms and Conditions. Having a defined Terms and Conditions agreement helps ensure conformity with applicable laws.


Confidence and Consistency


Having a clear set of Terms and Conditions helps you deliver a consistently excellent level of customer service while avoiding any ambiguity.


By doing this, customer's expectations are well-managed regarding delivery and payment, therefore eliminating disappointments in your provision of services.


Assurance


If you have a clear set of Terms and Conditions, it is considerably 
easier to spot a breach of contract
. Written contracts provide assurance and are easier to enforce whenever required.


Having a comprehensive set of Terms and Conditions also 
helps minimize the probability of getting a legal dispute
. It is more prudent to have a Terms and Conditions agreement prepared than be involved in prolonged and expensive litigation.




What are Some Clauses I Should Add to my Terms and Conditions Agreement?


Terms and Conditions are 
considerably broad
 in the abstract sense. However, as businesses differ, they require 
some specific clauses
 that are 
exclusive
 only to their form of business, depending on:




The size of the contract


The complexity of the agreement


The industry




Generally, almost every Terms and Conditions agreement should include the subsequent clauses:


An Intellectual Property clause


This clause is a provision where you, the business owner or inventor, retains ownership of your patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade dresses, or trade secrets.


Intellectual property security is 
crucial to promoting innovation
.


Without the protection of ideas, individuals and businesses would not gain the full benefits of their creativity and would concentrate less on research and development.


Here's an example of 
Amazon's
 Intellectual Property Policy for sellers on its platform:




This excerpt from Amazon sets out what sellers must do, and what they must not do when it comes to IP rights. It also adds some definitions and extra information for clarity, which is helpful to the readers.


A Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability clause


This type of clause is a contractual stipulation or disclaimer for an agreement that defines the circumstances under which you (the disclaiming party) could be held responsible for damages or loss.


It further 
sets the boundaries of damages that may be claimed in certain situations
. This clause limits the amount payable as well as the exposure a company faces if a lawsuit is filed or another claim is made.


If deemed admissible, a 
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability clause
 can "cover" the number of possible losses to which a business is exposed.


For example, a mobile app user experiences loss because they relied on information provided on that app. A 
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability clause
 in the app's Terms and Conditions agreement could 
restrict the liability of the app owner
, and by extension, 
limit the recoverable amount of the user
.


Here's an example of 
The Coca Cola Company's
 Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability clause:




Here's an additional example of a 
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability clause
 embedded in the Netflix Terms and Conditions:




A Termination of Agreement clause


This clause provides specifications of the conditions under which individuals in a contract may 
dissolve their legal relationship
 and abandon the fulfillment of their duties. This covers the implication of termination, such as 
payments
 and other privileges and responsibilities of the contracting parties.


According to 
common law
, 
you and your client may terminate an agreement for a material or a basic breach of the agreement
.


A standard agreement may also be terminated for the following reasons:




Mutual agreement


The 
bankruptcy
 of a party


A 
legal mandate
 that forbids the agreement


Following its 
Terms and Conditions
 (i.e., the expiration of the term of the agreement, or if defined activities are conducted)




Termination of agreement clauses are highly recommended and essential in various contexts because they oversee both you and your client's rights and responsibilities if the business transaction becomes unsustainable. Ordinarily, meetings and negotiations precede termination, and therefore termination is, for the most part, the last resort.


In its Terms and Conditions agreement, 
Starbucks
 provides details of its Termination clause which includes a 15-day written notice, and conditions under which termination may occur:




It further outlines the obligations of the seller once the termination takes effect.


A Governing Law clause


This clause is a stipulation usually employed in legal contracts, as it determines which regulations and laws will take effect in the case of a legal controversy.


A business contract sets the terms under which the contracting individuals will do business. The implication and impact of these terms can, however, differ significantly, subject to which country's legislation governs them.


A governing law clause, therefore, tries to 
express your choice for the applicable law
. This clause is usually included in standard Terms and Conditions agreements for mobile apps or websites.


As an example, 
Target
 prefers the 
use of arbitration
 to resolve disputes:




Its governing law and arbitration rules are further detailed below:




User Rights, Responsibilities, and Guidelines


This is an essential clause in any reliable Terms and Conditions agreement as it describes the rights and responsibilities of users as well as guidelines for using the service in a direct and concise manner.


This clause lists rights to be enjoyed by your users as well as responsibilities and 
firmly states what is not acceptable
 in their use of your service.


This can be a part of an extended and thorough list in your 
Terms and Conditions agreement
 to cover the most volume of negative practices.


Here, we can see the 
Rights and Responsibilities of users
 in 
Spotify's
 Terms and Conditions of Use:




Spotify also briefly references its User Guidelines three sub-headings below:




A Payments and Prices clause


This clause is a requisite part of any Terms and Conditions agreement designed for websites, mobile apps, or similar platforms that involve 
subscriptions or paid services
.


Without this clause in place, issues or misunderstandings regarding payments and prices are inevitable. A well-drafted Payments and Prices clause informs users explicitly about vital information such as:




The 
acceptable currency
 or currencies


The satisfactory method of payment


The results of not meeting payment obligations


Potential adjustments in future prices




Here's an example of the payment processing company 
Square
 describing its payment terms:




HelloFresh
 also provides a Payments and Prices clause in its Terms and Conditions:




User Submissions/User Generated Content clause


Operating a mobile app or website that allows user-generated content necessitates a 
User Submissions clause
 in your 
Terms and Conditions agreement
. These clauses are also known as a User Generated Content clause.


A well-drafted 
User Submissions clause
 should emphasize that your business doesn't create user-generated content, and all uploaded content belongs to the users uploading them or has been approved for use by the original owners.


A reliable 
User Submissions
 clause should also distinguish acceptable from non-acceptable user-generated content. For example, you may explain that content uploaded by users must not contain offensive or demeaning language.


Wattpad
, for example, shows its User Submissions clause in a simplified way as shown below:




YouTube
 also has a similar User Submissions clause in its Terms of Service agreement:




Now that you have an idea of what clauses to include in your Terms and Conditions agreement, let's look at where you display your agreement for maximum effectiveness and availability.


Where Should I Display my Terms and Conditions Agreement?


A standard Terms and Conditions agreement should be readily available to users and be systematically placed at pivotal points where they are most likely required.


As such, Terms and Conditions should be found anywhere a relationship is established between you and your client or end-user.


This serves to remind users about your Terms and Conditions at crucial points in their exploration where they may need to reference them.


Generally, most Terms and Conditions are found in the following places:


Account Sign-up or Registration Forms


One of the most common places to reference your Terms and Conditions agreement is the account sign-up or registration form webpage of your business.


They are logically placed here to introduce new explorers to your Terms and Conditions before they become users of your service.


Here's how 
TikTok
 references its Terms of Service agreement for users signing up on its platform:




Website Footers


Another common practice adopted by many businesses is the placement of their Terms and Conditions agreement in the footer of their website.


Like many others, 
Uber
 places its Terms agreement in its website footer:




Mobile or Desktop In-app Menus


Terms and Conditions agreements are also linked in mobile or desktop app menus. In its mobile app menu, 
Grammarly
 links its Terms of Service agreement as shown below:




Email Newsletter Sign-up Forms


A link to your Terms and Conditions agreement may be provided when offering email newsletter sign-ups for your users.


Here's an example of 
Bloomberg
 linking its Terms of Service agreement on its email newsletter sign-up form:




Now that you know how to draft and display your Terms and Conditions agreement, how can you get users to agree to it?


How Do I Make my Terms and Conditions Agreement Enforceable?


Preparing a comprehensive Terms and Conditions agreement 
does not automatically make it enforceable in legal affairs
.


Your 
users must consent to the terms provided in your agreement
 to make your Terms and Conditions an 
enforceable contract
. As such, you should always 
obtain explicit, unexceptionable consent to your agreement
.


The best way you can accomplish this is by ensuring your users 
tick an unchecked box or click a button
 to confirm their consent to your Terms and Conditions.


For example, 
Vudu
 provides a box for new users to tick, confirming their consent to the Terms and Policies of the business:




Tumblr
 also ensures that its Terms of Service are enforceable by seeking user consent as shown below:




Summary


A reliable Terms and Conditions agreement lets your users know 
what they can expect
 from your business and 
what is expected from them
.


It formulates a contract between your business and the end-user as well as 
helps protect your business from potential legal problems
.


Important points to note
 in the preparing a Terms and Conditions agreement are as follows:




A complete and well-detailed Terms and Conditions agreement 
minimizes the risks
 of getting legal disputes.


The consent of users ensures your Terms and Conditions agreement is 
enforceable
.


Using simple, plain language in your Terms and Conditions agreement comes with benefits.


Your Terms and Conditions agreement should be 
easy to locate
 and 
displayed in various areas
 of your website or app.


Having a solid Terms and Conditions agreement with appropriate consent allows you to 
enforce your regulation and guidelines
 whenever required.


























Privacy Policy Generator

                    ·
                    
Terms & Conditions Generator

                    ·
                    
Disclaimer Generator













                    Please read 
our Privacy Policy
 and 
our Terms of Service
.
                




Privacy Policy Online
 © 2011-2025                












Disclaimer





                    No warranty is provided regarding the accuracy or adequacy of these generators for every situation. If you are not sure about any legal questions, or have any questions or doubts about a Privacy Policy, a Terms & Conditions or Terms of Service or Terms of Use contract or a Disclaimer or a Disclosure, you should consult with a lawyer or law firm specialized in digital communications law. These generators are provided to our site visitors as a free service and is intended to operate as a "guideline".
                    No warranty or guarantee is given nor implied about its use as a comprehensive or even partial solution to legal and/or regulatory obligations and/or best practices.
                















