























How to Write Terms and Conditions: Payment and Proposal Terms Examples - PandaDoc


















































































Go to PandaDoc.com






Log in






Help center














Help center


















PandaDoc














Blog

















      More
      















              eSignatures
            







              Automation
            







              Contracts
            







              Enterprise
            







              API
            







              Product updates
            







              Document templates
            







              Forms
            







              Proposals
            







              Sales
            







              Marketing
            



































































    Request a demo
    














































                  eSignatures
                











                  Automation
                











                  Contracts
                











                  Enterprise
                











                  API
                











                  Product updates
                











                  Document templates
                











                  Forms
                











                  Proposals
                











                  Sales
                











                  Marketing
                















    Request a demo
    








    Try PandaDoc free
    


































                        Blog
                    







                        Document templates
                    











            How to write terms and conditions: A step-by-step guide
          









            February 13, 2023
        



      7 min
    


















Author:









          Keith Rabkin
        



          President of PandaDoc
        






















Copy Link








Link copied












X
















Facebook












LinkedIn


























How to write terms and conditions?










1. Compose the introduction






2. Outline the terms and conditions






3. Write a customer service acknowledgment statement






4. List the rightful owner






5. Create private policy






6. Add both parties’ signatures and the dateline











    Use business document templates
    











If your proposal is the car, the 
terms and conditions
 (T&Cs) are its seatbelts. Even if you win the deal, without appropriate T&Cs you’re taking a considerable risk if something goes wrong. 


So, it’s vital that you know how to write terms and conditions that are appropriate for your particular business needs.


Luckily, 
writing terms and conditions
 isn’t that difficult. In fact, you’re merely outlining the details concerning:




Who is and isn’t responsible for what (your website terms and conditions should have a disclaimer clearly stating this)


How long it will take


What happens when some changes are made


How much it will cost




Terms and conditions can help you avoid any uncertainty regarding the execution of the project or deal.


Moreover, they ensure that you and your client are on the same page while also reducing the risk of conflicts and differing expectations.


You need to make sure that the terms are clear with little room for contradictory interpretations, but always include a section regarding dispute resolution just in case.


For example: Does your client understand that you’re only providing two designs as those are the ones included in the budget? Do you both agree on the terms as to when the project will be officially completed?


While the proposal can cover various vital concerns, there are also fundamental issues that you need to deal with:




Who’s hiring whom, the purpose of the hiring, the project duration, and the cost


What the two parties have agreed to, with a clear statement as to their respective responsibilities


The specific details of the project and what isn’t included


What to do if someone changes their mind or wants to cancel—include a termination clause that clearly states what happens in the event of someone canceling


A clear understanding of the liabilities and other legal matters, as they relate to the applicable law in your jurisdiction




Some business owners (especially owners of SaaS companies, software developers who provide mobile apps, and other digital product providers) are hesitant to include T&Cs up front if the clients haven’t signed up yet. 


Instead, they include them in a separate document, such as the confirmation of works. 


This isn’t a viable way to form a contract as the client must be aware of all the conditions relating to the works before they sign up. 


Otherwise, it’s not legally enforceable. 


If terms and conditions are well written and fair, your clients will not be put off by them. 


Instead, they’ll be reassured that they’re dealing with a professional company and both parties’ interests are protected.


How to write a terms and conditions document


1. Compose the introduction


To begin your terms and conditions document, highlight the name of your service or product. 


This is similar to the first step when you learn 
how to write a business contract
.


Include all affiliates, trade names, subsidiaries, and parent companies at the top of your terms and conditions and above the contract’s details.


2. Outline the terms and conditions


When you’re writing terms and conditions, ensure you do so clearly using simple language. 


Your proposals’ and website’s simple terms and conditions must be thorough and address all legal issues, meaning you won’t be at risk of liabilities. 


3. Write a customer service acknowledgment statement


For your T&Cs to be valid, include a customer service acknowledgement statement. 


This typically follows wording such as:


“The undersigned agrees to the terms and conditions included herein.”


4. List the rightful owner


To ensure that you limit your liability, include information about the tasks and actions you’re not responsible for. 


Create a list of prohibited actions so they’re clear to the end-user.


5. Create private policy


Your 
privacy policy
 is another element of your simple terms and conditions. 


This section dictates how you plan to handle sensitive customer data. 


Add information about opting out from selling or sharing information. 


6. Add both parties’ signatures and the dateline


At the end of the terms and conditions, it’s vital to add a dateline and space for 
both parties’ signatures
.


What is included in terms and conditions?


Everyone involved in the contract must understand the terms and conditions. 


This may not be a straightforward concept as, inevitably, some legal and business terminology will be included in the document. 


So, in order to avoid any misunderstandings or confusion, ensure you define any “difficult” words or phrases. 


You should also keep the language simple and easily accessible.


Include the following, under clear and easy to understand headings:


1. The price and payment method


Your 
proposal must include the final price
. 


You should also include a payment schedule that your client can follow. Besides the price, consider adding other critical items, such as the taxes payable. 


Furthermore, you should also incorporate a provision regarding non-payment.





        See also:
      





            How to write a business proposal (The modern way)
          






2. Privacy issues


You can bolster your client’s confidence by including a privacy statement in your terms and conditions agreement. 


Data protection is vital, and depending on the governing law of your state or country, there may be specific data protection laws, such as GDPR, that you must follow. 


You need to assure clients that you won’t sell, share, or rent their personal data to any other entities, including third-party websites. 


Provide clients with details about how you’ll protect their sensitive information, such as credit card details and contact information.


3. Intellectual property rights


Once you have provided your clients with something valuable, they’ll want to claim ownership over that property. 


Therefore, you need to make sure that you mention that you’re assigning all the rights, interests, or intellectual properties developed in the project. 


However, make it clear to the client that they won’t have ownership over the IP unless the invoice is fully paid. 


Some companies prefer to keep the IP in their work and instead give their clients a license to use the work for their own purposes. 


If this is the case, you need to be clear on any restrictions on that license and what it can be used for.


4. Sharing of work


To increase your business, you’ll often provide prospective clients with examples of your work, such as case studies or portfolios. 


While many of your clients will be okay with this type of promotion, others may have reservations due to security and competition concerns. 


To avoid any misunderstanding, consider adding a clause that specifies whether the work will be included in such promotions.


5. Provisions for any changes


There’s always the possibility that clients may change their mind with regard to the project. 


So it’s crucial that you include details about what will happen if the project is changed partway through.


You need to include:




How requests for changes will be agreed


Who’s responsible for any changes


How it can be handled within the budget or what charges shall be imposed as additional


Allowable adjustments to the timeframes


Implications for the project if the changes are agreed




It’s essential that your T&Cs cover these details from the outset as they’ll manage the expectations of both parties and keep everyone focused on the goals.


6. Cancellation clauses


A client may decide to cancel the project even if the contract has been signed and approved. 


Naturally, such a negative outcome could cost you money, especially if you’ve started the work. As a result, it’s vital that you protect yourself.


Your T&Cs can specify:




How much notice is required to 
cancel the contract




The implications of stopping the project


What happens to the deposit and if there are other fees involved in cancellation




7. Fees for delay or termination


Other problems can arise even if the contract has been agreed. 


As an example, perhaps in the middle or toward the end of a project, the client stops communicating or just disappears. 


Despite your repeated emails and calls, you receive no response from them. 


So, you shelve the project as it cannot go forward without confirmation from the client. 


However, after some time, the client suddenly sends an email asking when you can launch the project.


To prevent such a scenario from occurring, your contract should state what will happen if the client delays the project. 


You may require full payment for the works despite their incompletion.


They may need to pay a certain sum or undergo a specified waiting period before you resurrect a dormant project. 


You may not be able to continue where you left off, and they may have to pay to start the project again.


Regardless of your scenario, the fees for delay or termination need to be clear from the outset.


8. How to address errors or omissions


Mistakes occur in all sorts of situations, so you must ensure that your 
proposal
 covers you legally so that you cannot be sued for:




Making errors


Failing to take actions


Project delays that can cause lost profits or damages


Failure by the client to proofread or check the works


Underlying issues with the site or materials provided by the client




Some clients may not like adding these clauses. However, it’s essential that you at least have some protection in case of any oversights.


9. Hiring a legal expert or lawyer


As you’ll be dealing with legal documents to cover the project, you should consider hiring a lawyer or legal expert for your contracts and T&Cs. 


Or, if you already have one, they could perhaps take a look and provide you with relevant legal advice and ensure that all your documents are legally compliant.



















                    Website Standard Terms and Conditions Template
                







                            Used 
6829
 times
                        





                        Use this free Website Standard Terms and Conditions Template to disclose legal obligations and protect your copyright, along with other overriding jurisdiction. 
                    



                    Use this template 
– free












Protect your business by writing terms and conditions


Before asking a client to sign the terms and conditions, you should make sure that you explain the details to them. 


Sometimes, people sign legal documents without thoroughly reading or understanding their content. 


Furthermore, don’t begin work on the project until the contract has been agreed. 


If the client agrees to your proposal, they should agree to your own terms and conditions as well. 


Some clients may insist on commencing the project without having a signed contract. 


However, that’s a path that you should never take. Instead, why not trust PandaDoc to help you with your 
contract creation and management
?


PandaDoc makes it simple to draw up, customize, and sign contracts. 


What’s more, you can easily collaborate on them, too, both with your colleagues and with other interested parties. 


So, you and your prospective client could, for example, thrash out a contract’s terms and conditions in minutes—all within the document itself. How easy does that sound?!





        Frequently asked questions about terms and conditions
      









              How do you write terms and conditions for a contract?
            








Writing terms and conditions for a contract should include the subject matter, the price of the service, payment terms, definition of services and functionality, and any provisions relating to delivery, carriage, risk, and insurance. 


In addition, you’ll need to include termination of contract provisions, intellectual property rights protection, client indemnity processes, and limitation of liability.


PandaDoc’s 
website standard terms and conditions template
 can help ensure you don’t miss anything. 













              How do you write terms and conditions for your invoices?
            








Terms and conditions for your invoices must have key elements to make invoices as clear as possible. These elements include terms of sale (cost, amount, delivery, payment method, due date). 


If you accept payment in advance or require immediate payment, be sure to include information on this, too. You’ll need to add steps on warranty terms and any late payment penalties and cancelation fees. 













              How do you write payment terms and conditions in a quotation?
            








In a quotation document, it’s important to create payment terms and conditions that your clients must adhere to and agree upon in advance.


To make it simple to read, include the total of the services, together with a full breakdown of costs, including any potential revisions or variations. 


Add your payment terms and conditions, preferred payment methods, and space for a customer acceptance signature.













              Do terms and conditions need to be signed?
            








Terms and conditions don’t need to be signed to be legally-binding and enforceable. You must have some evidence, however, that your client has accepted the terms and conditions.


For example, if you display your terms and conditions online, you can obtain acceptance of your terms and conditions with a “
clickwrap
” prompt. This is common on websites and when people sign up to user accounts online.












Originally published February 10, 2020, updated February 13, 2023


Disclaimer


PandaDoc is not a law firm, or a substitute for an attorney or law firm. This page is not intended to and does not provide legal advice. Should you have legal questions on the validity of e-signatures or digital signatures and the enforceability thereof, please consult with an attorney or law firm. Use of PandaDocs services are governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.












Author



















                        Keith Rabkin
                    



                        President of PandaDoc
                    











            Keith has been working in technology organizations for the past 15 years and is currently the Chief Revenue Officer for PandaDoc. Prior to this, he had roles leading Growth for Adobe's Digital Media business, Gmail, YouTube, and Google Fiber.
        













      Like the article? Share it with your friends!
    








Copy Link








Link copied












X
















Facebook












LinkedIn





















                        Streamline your document workflow & close deals faster
                    




Get 
personalized
 1:1 demo with our product specialist.




Tailored to your needs


Answers all your questions


No commitment to buy




 














ChiliPiper 
increased their close rate by 28%
 after implementing PandaDoc.
















Fill out the form


Book a time slot


Attend a demo
















Work email*
Phone number*
First name*
Last name*
Please select your role*
Student
Educator
Administration
Administrator
Company name*
Company Size
Company size*
1
2-10
11-50
51-200
201-500
501-1000
1001+
Form Language
English
Spanish
Dutch
Polish
French
German
Swedish
Portuguese
Latest Form URL
Schedule your demo





            By submitting this form, I agree that the 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Notice
 will govern the use of services I receive and personal data I provide respectively.
        














ChiliPiper 
increased their close rate by 28%
 after implementing PandaDoc.

















      Related articles
    





















                Marketing
            



      10 min
    







      How to expand internationally and grow your business
    

























                Document templates
            



      11 min
    







      How to write an effective privacy policy to protect your business
    

























                Document templates
            



      11 min
    







      How to document business requirements with less effort
    

































