PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These terms and conditions (together with the documents referred to in it) tells you the terms and
conditions on which you may make use of our website medialegalhelp.org (our Site), whether as
a guest or a registered user. Use of our Site includes accessing, browsing, or registering to use
our Site.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before you start to use our Site, as these will
apply to your use of our Site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our Site, you confirm that you accept these terms and conditions and that you agree to
comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you must not use our Site.
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS
These terms and conditions refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of
our site:
• Our Privacy and Cookie Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data
we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our Site, you consent to such processing
and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
• Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our Site.
When using our Site, you must comply with the Acceptable Use Policy.
• If you use any of our news articles, pictures, research reports, training materials, case studies, or
any other service we provide (together our Services), the terms and conditions of that Service shall
apply in addition to these terms and conditions.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
medialegalhelp.org is a site operated by the Thomson Reuters Foundation (We). We are a
registered charity in England and Wales (number 1082139) and a company limited by guarantee
registered in England (number 04047905) at 5 Canada Square, London, E14 5AQ.
CHANGES TO OUR SITE
We may update our Site from time to time and may change the content at any time. However,
please note that any of the content on our Site may be out of date at any given time, and We are
under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our Site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
ACCESSING OUR SITE
Our Site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our Site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted.
Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or
change all or any part of our Site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our
Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Site through your internet
connection are aware of these terms and conditions and other applicable terms and conditions,
and that they comply with them.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password,
you must promptly notify us by emailing: join@medialegalhelp.org or help@medialegalhelp.org.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You agree that all intellectual property rights in our Site, including copyright and trademarks, are
and shall remain the property of the LNJAR Members and/or third-party providers and you shall
not acquire any rights in them.
USING OUR CONTENT
Content may be uploaded to our site by the LNJAR Members comprising the Committee to Protect
Journalists, Media Defence, Thomson Reuters Foundation and other member organisations
whose details can be found here. The Content uploaded belongs to the member uploading it.
Except as permitted herein, you may not reproduce or republish content (including news, pictures
reports, publications, and multimedia) into other websites, frame our site or otherwise exploit our
content in any way without the prior written consent of the LNJAR Member whose content you wish
to reproduce. Any reproduction or republication of the content must be with due attribution to the
Source.
The Content available on our Site is generally open source and you may use such content for non-
commercial purposes. Copyright restrictions may apply to specific content in which case you agree
to abide by such restrictions. You must not use any part of the content on our Site for commercial
purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you wish to make any use of content on our Site other than that set out herein, please contact
us by emailing: join@medialegalhelp.org or help@medialegalhelp.org or
help@medialegalhelp.org
Printing and downloading.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our Site for your
personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted
on our Site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded
in any way without prior consent, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or
audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Linking to our Site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not
damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or
endorsement on our part without our prior written consent.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND RESOURCES IN OUR SITE
Where our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are
provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATION
The content on our Site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to
advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking,
or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our Site, we make no
representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our Site
is accurate, complete or up-to-date. We also make no representations, warranties or guarantees,
whether express or implied, that the content on our Site published in languages other than English
are free from errors of translation.
LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY
Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury
arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that
cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other
terms which may apply to our Site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including
negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in
connection with:
• use of, or inability to use, our Site or our Services; or
• use of or reliance on any content displayed on our Site.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
• loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
• business interruption;
• loss of anticipated savings;
• loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
• any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our Site for domestic and private use.
You agree not to use our Site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability
to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack,
or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer
programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Site or to your downloading of
any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our Site. Such links should not
be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or
damage that may arise from your use of them.
The content on this Site is provided by LNJAR Members. We cannot guarantee that such content
will be free of material you may find objectionable or otherwise. Each of the LNJAR Members
disclaim any responsibility or liability related to your access or use of any content provided by
another LNJAR Member.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the use of
any of our Services by you, which will be set out in the relevant terms and conditions for that
Service.
VIRUSES
We do not guarantee that our Site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and
platform in order to access our Site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or
other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain
unauthorised access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or
database connected to our Site. You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a
distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal
offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law
enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to
them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Site will cease immediately.
APPLICABLE LAW
These terms and conditions, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes
or claims) are governed by English law. Both you and we agree that the courts of England and
Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction.
COPYRIGHT
All content provided on this site is owned by or licensed to LNJAR Members and/or their affiliates
(the LNJAR Members Content) and protected by international copyright laws. The LNJAR
Members and their licensors retain all proprietary rights to the LNJAR Member’s Content.
The Content available on our Site is generally open source and you may use such content for non-
commercial purposes. Copyright restrictions may apply to specific content in which case you agree
to abide by such restrictions.
DISCLAIMER
This site, and any newsletters sent by LNJAR Members (Newsletters), do not provide legal advice
or create a lawyer-client relationship. The information contained on medialegalhelp.org and in any
Newsletters is for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice or create a
lawyer-client relationship between you and the LNJAR Members. You should not act or fail to act
based on the information on this site or on any Newsletters without first seeking appropriate legal
or other professional advice about your specific facts and circumstances, from a lawyer licensed
in your jurisdiction.
The content on this site and in any Newsletters, including news, quotes, data and other information,
is provided by LNJAR Members and its third-party content providers for your personal information
only and is not intended for trading purposes. Content on this site or on any Newsletters is not
appropriate for the purposes of making a decision to carry out a transaction or trade. Nor does it
provide any form of advice (investment, tax, legal) amounting to investment advice, or make any
recommendations regarding particular financial instruments, investments or products.
This Site is provided by LNJAR Members on an "as is" and "as available" basis. The LNJAR
Members make no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied, as to the operation
of this site, or the information, content or materials included on this site. You expressly agree that
your use of this site is at your sole risk.
The LNJAR Members, nor their third-party content providers shall be liable for any errors,
inaccuracies or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LNJAR MEMBERS
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE
ACCURACY OF ANY CONTENT PROVIDED, OR AS TO THE FITNESS OF THE INFORMATION
FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Although the LNJAR Members make reasonable efforts to obtain reliable content from third parties,
LNJAR Members do not guarantee the accuracy of or endorse the views or opinions given by any
third-party content provider. This site may point to other Internet sites that may be of interest to
you however the LNJAR Members do not endorse or take responsibility for the content on such
other sites.
NEWSLETTERS.
Whilst LNJAR Members have used reasonable endeavours to ensure that the information provided
in the Newsletters is accurate and up to date as at the time of issue, LNJAR Members reserve the
right to make corrections and do not warrant that it is accurate or complete. News will change with
time. The LNJAR Members hereby disclaim to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all
liability in relation to the newsletters and does not give any warranties (including any statutory
ones) in relation to the news.
This is a free service and therefore you agree by receiving any Newsletter(s) that this disclaimer
is reasonable. Any copying, redistribution or republication of LNJAR Members’ content thereof, for
commercial gain is strictly prohibited.
