Terms and Conditions, what do they mean? Should we read them?
Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of
 
website accessibility
Fri, 29 Aug 2025 18:12:13 GMT (1756491133350)
Story Infinite Scroll - News3 v1.0.0 (common)
f5f07c18a21e1ba15cc7ace7cffe91051f52c032
Download the App
Get your news faster with our mobile experience
Install
News
Weather
 Current Weather 
Kearney
Fog
63
74
60
Today
74
60
Thursday
79
61
Friday
80
58
 
Latest Weathercast
 
Radar
Maps
Viaero Camera Network
Closings
Sports
Features
Station
Watch
 
Now
 
63
 
Thu
 
79
 
Fri
 
80
Terms and Conditions, what do they mean? Should we read them?
by
 
Alex Whitney
Wed, November 6th 2019 at 6:30 PM
Terms and Conditions, what do they mean? Should we read them? (NTV)
TOPICS:
Business Law
Clickwrap
Contract
Contract Law
Law
Private Law
Standard Form Contract
Terms Of Service
It's usually thousands of words long, it can take you hours or days to read it, and you sign on average a dozen of them every year.
Terms and conditions are a common part of navigating the social media sphere.
Every time you want to visit a new website or download a new app you are usually agreeing to a new set of terms and conditions to use it. But what do those terms mean? Are they legally binding? And how often does the average consumer read them?
We reached out to the experts to figure that out.
Terms and conditions agreements aren't just a boring read, but they act as a sort of legal contract between the user and the website.
Just like a legal contract, most terms and conditions agreements are legally binding, so you should make sure you read them carefully before signing.
"So it can be similar to signing a contract. Signing a terms and conditions type agreement if you are agreeing to those terms. Usually that's presented in the form of a button that you click on, which makes it more of an overt agreement like a contract," said Charlotte Tschider, an assistant professor at the Nebraska College of Law.
Since it's a legally binding document you should probably read it, but that brings up one of the challenges of terms and conditions, they are so dang long.
Several studies have covered the excessive lengths of these agreements which can be long enough to take days to read, but the experts say despite how unreasonable the length, it's still expected that you read them before agreeing.
"Well the question around reasonability can be different depending on a legal perspective or a social perspective. The reality is you couldn't read every terms of use, one study showed it would take 76 days a year to read the terms you are presented with. On the legal side though if you are presented a set of terms and agree to them it is expected that you read them," said Tschider.
It's clear not everyone is reading the terms, and there is plenty you miss when you don't.
The popular social media site Facebook has users agree to license photos they post on Facebook to the website, meaning Facebook could use those photos however they want, even transfer them to other companies, without asking permission or compensating users.
Amazon has a unique set of terms in it's lumberyard game software.
There is a special section highlighting that the software cannot be used on drones, medical devices or nuclear facilities...that is unless there is a zombie apocalypse occurring certified by the Center for Disease Control.
Not every surprise found in a terms and conditions is a bad one either, the website PC Pit-stop put a line in its terms and conditions agreement in 2005 awarding $1,000 to any user that read the section.
It still took four months before anyone noticed the agreement and collected the reward.
The experts we spoke to say terms and conditions are legally binding agreements and you do agree to them when you click the button saying "I agree", so it's always best to read them carefully before signing.
Stay Connected
Like Us
Follow Us
sbg-envelope
Newsletter Sign up
 
/sign-up
© 2025 Sinclair, Inc.
Terms
EEO
KHGI
KHGI
KWNB
KWNB
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Loading ...